intelligence has been received by the foreign and commonwealth office (fco) that suggests argentina could attempt to use the event to attract worldwide attention.
at 4pm, the temperature hit 39 degrees -- one degree away from the coldest mardi gras ever, on february 14, 1989, according to the national weather service.
the veteran wildlife expert is one of the hosts of the bbc radio 4 series, which features a 90-second recording of a different bird each day.
india's players are preparing for their world cup quarter-final with bangladesh in melbourne 
smash: police and fire crews work to remove a car that plowed through a starbucks store in folsom, california, injuring eight people, one of them seriously
jennie dack was strolling along the seafront in brighton, east sussex, when the pesky bird swooped in and nabbed the warm doughnut that she had bought from a nearby pier.
a keystroke error resulted in the agency declaring mladenovic dead when it was her husband, pavlovic's father-in-law, who recently passed away,cbs new york reports.
the dutchman was already a european cup winner with psv eindhoven when he scored the only goal for barcelona - a typical koeman free-kick - against sampdoria under the twin towers at wembley in 1992
the blog - which features the catchphrase: 'where reason fails, boobs have a chance' - allows women to give their bodies 'to the service of science', the creator claims.
the school nutrition association has asked congress and usda to only require that 50 percent of foods be whole grain-rich, to suspend the 2017 sodium requirements and to stop requiring students to take a fruit or vegetable.
queens park rangers manager chris ramsey feels charlie austin is more deserving of a place in roy hodgson's england squad than tottenham's harry kane.
shadow welsh secretary owen smith said at a hustings event on wednesday: ‘we view the world as being a very dangerous and volatile place at the moment so our policy is that we will retain trident, we will maintain a continuous at-sea deterrent’
the four-foot tall, plastic sculpture of the communist revolutionary, was presented to gloucester council by dignitaries from his birthplace of trier, germany - which is twinned with the city 
a jury convicted 47-year-old todd winkler in october of first-degree murder in the death of 37-year-old rachel winkler, the sacramento bee reported 
former marine jesse kidder was in a patrol car chasing michael wilcox, who allegedly gunned down is fiance and best friend, in new richmond on thursday when they stopped and continued the confrontation on foot.
chien nguyen, 32, pictured left,  was jailed for three years and hieu nguyen, 35, pictured right, was jailed for three years and four months after they both admitted cultivating cannabis
smile like you mean it: boxing legend muhammad ali has hit back at rumors that he is so ill he can barely speak, by tweeting this photo along with the words 'don't believe the hype'
francis james carter, 59, was released from the southern queensland correctional centre, west of brisbane, on strict parole conditions on wednesday,the brisbane times reports.
distressed: the 40-year-old was discovered in a distressed state on the side of the a66 dual carriageway in middlesbrough on thursday morning, cleveland police have confirmed
under the most radical option, english mps would have a separate vote in which they could veto an legislation - forcing the government either to abandon the proposals or make changes to secure majority support.
through the ages: the obelisk is shown on the left in a photograph taken in 1881, just months after it was erected in new york's central park.
minnie ybarbo, the daughter of joe and amanda alvarado who were gunned down by the 56-year-old schizophrenic in 1992, says she and her son junior herrera, were hoping for 'some kind of closure' and claim the murderer is not as 'crazy' as people believe.
us artist michael benson says the whirlpool galaxy inspired van gogh.
ferdinand insists he used the term as a joke and has now received the written reasons for the ban from the fa.
the home secretary wants to find a way around international rules which mean someone cannot be left without citizenship of any country.
historic sex abuse inquiry chief fiona woolf has connections going back at least a decade with leon brittan, who is accused of involvement in a cover-up when he was home secretary
arsenal striker danny welbeck played his first game against his former side since his summer move
german police rescued a man who spent three days trapped in handcuffs - in an apparent 'autoerotic accident' 
the news means the use of corrupt investigators by law firms, banks, insurance companies and celebrities in the so-called ‘hidden’ hacking scandal is far more serious than was thought.
designers cristian ilies vasile and martin krzywinski have transformed mathematical numbers, theories and symbols into detailed works of art.
smith jr, 90, of albany, new york, discovered in 2006 while obtaining records for a memoir he was writing that the military had mixed him up with another thomas j
the patent was filed in 2013 to the world intellectual property organisation as well as south korea’s korean intellectual property office, and was found by galaxy club netherlands.
in his words: a documentary featuring interview footage of oj simpson where he speaks about the alleged domestic abuse of his ex-wife nicole, the murders of her and her friend ron goldman and the subsequent trial in 1994 has been released
freed journalist peter greste is finally back on australian soil after his 400 day ordeal in an egypt jail.
they based their findings on more than 1,300 ten to 15-year-old non-smokers.
the teaching watchdog has obtained 'dossiers' about some of the 100 staff it is investigating from the department for education as part of its inquiries.
glenn hoddle has turned down an approach from managerless crystal palace to hold talks about replacing tony pulis.
eddie raymond tipton (above) of norwalk, iowa was charged with two felony counts of fraud for illegally playing the lottery
catherine gowing, 37, was last seen alive on friday evening, leaving the practice where she worked in mold, north wales.
the team originally set out to overlay brands with generic labels such as ‘cereal’ instead of ‘lucky charms,’ for example but ran out of time, as they built the headset over one weekend and only spent $80 (£53)
prosecutors claim that ms dogaru feared for her son radu when he was arrested in january following the early morning raid last october.
maddison gill, of trull, somerset, is unable to suck, swallow, gag or cough and doctors believe that she could be the only person in the world with the bizarre complaint.
businessman basharat bashir, 33, admitted stealing the money from 11 vulnerable pensioners and spending the money on sky tv, phones and flashy cars.
froome finished monday's cambridge to london stage safely in the pack as marcel kittel (giant-shimano) continued his sprint supremacy on the mall before the tour peloton flew to france after a hugely successful grand depart in yorkshire.
the bbc2 documentary is presented by steve hewlett, the editor of panorama during its infamous interview with diana in 1995 in which she referred to charles’s affair with mrs parker bowles, saying: ‘there were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded’
after england strolled to victory at celtic park on tuesday night, it was fitting that alex oxlade-chamberlain should take a leisurely stroll through the countryside on his down day.
the formernational security agency contractor was finally reunited with pole dancer lindsay mills this july in moscow, where he is claiming asylum.
unlike omega-3 fatty acids found in oily fish which are not made in mammals, the good fat named fatty acid hydroxyl fatty acids, or fahfas, are molecules found in fat cells as well as other cells throughout the body.
however, the wedding - estimated to cost upwards of $10 million - is being investigated by monterey county planners and the state coastal commission, the carmel pine cone reported.
in a week of unusual detente in the sometimes strained world of anglo-russian relations, prince charles warmly greeted media magnate alexander lebedev at the opening of an extraordinary exhibition which sees the return of 70 masterpieces from sir robert walpole’s art collection to the magnificent palladian mansion originally built to house it.
died: martyn pugh, holly's uncle, was driving the ford focus when it collided with the tanker at 50mph on a country road near aberystwyth, wales
pricey pud: the cake that was created for a 40th birthday contains champagne that costs £500 a bottle and is topped with a sprinkle of diamonds
pettit, who grew up in a wealthy suburb of dallas, texas, started his contrition tour with one of his most vocal critics - state senator anastasia pittman.
family tragedy: david decareaux was killed alongside his sons dominic, 10, right, and grant, 8, left.
meyiwa was shot dead last week while apparently attempting to defend his girlfriend after burglars broke into her house near johannesburg.
allardyce has guided his team to fifth in the premier league after 10 games
estibaliz carranza, 34, was sentenced to life in prison in 2012 for the murders of former-spouse holger holz in 2008 and ice-cream machine salesman manfred hinterberger two years later 
new yorker amanda chatel explained in her essay for your tango that adoption of the 'yes means yes' law, which defines consent as 'affirmative, conscious, and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity' from each partner, is just one step in combating society's prevalent rape culture.
the charity has claimed the 'big 10' food and drink companies combined emit more greenhouse gases than scandinavia, and has warned these firms could face financial ruin if they do not do more to tackle climate change.
ajax were gifted victory at go ahead eagles in the eredivisie on sunday after their on-loan goalkeeper, mickey van der hart, assisted a bizarre own goal for the home side.
james arthur is celebrating on monday after being crowned the winner of x factor 2012.
a carbon monoxide leak monday at montezuma creek elementary in southeastern utah elementary sickened over 50 people, with more than half that number hospital and two considered critical.
the world cup is built as the biggest event in sport and it's difficult to argue with that, especially as the bbc's coverage of the final this summer drew the highest tv ratings of the year in the uk.
dawn was 19 stone before she embarked on her diet (left) and shed seven stone in 2011 (right)
savanna harris todd has been listed as a missing person for the last 19 years after disappearing from south carolina in 1994 when she was 11-months-old.
the atlanta-based home retailer, which has more than 2,000 stores nationwide, says it has now eliminated the malware behind the attacks that took place between april and september.
a 24-year-old woman sustained head injuries after her and five friends decided to climb down a 50-metre cliff at gordons bay in coogee, south-east sydney at 4am on saturday
the knfb reader app is capable of scanning for text – even within images - and converts it into speech automatically.
coastal cities proved to be a big hit with yahoo users, as new orleans, atlantic city, new jersey and key west, florida rounded out the top five.
richard whelan from dublin and paul mcevoy from cahir had made the 5,000 mile trip hoping their team would take the title against the new england patriots - and they'd be there to see it.
tragedy: frances cappuccini, 30, died from a haemorrhage hours after giving birth to her second son giacomo on october 9, 2012.
a lawyer who wrote in defence of ched evans after the footballer was convicted of rape has been appointed to world sport’s ‘supreme court’.
larry parker, 54, repeatedly plunged an 18-inch kitchen knife into his long-term partner lesley larner after she tried to get medical help for him over the phone.
a man dubbed the 'swiss cheese pervert' has pleaded guilty in a philadelphia court after being charged for flashing women while holding slices of swiss cheese.
'then it kind of lulled in last 15 minutes of the first half into a friendly atmosphere.
goair says that carrying only female cabin crew could save 30million rupees (£330,000) a year because they are 33lb to 44lb lighter on average than their male counterparts.
amy bessey allegedly has an 'unnatural relationship' with her son
bolton-born boxer amir khan spent his friday alongside some fellow natural born fighters as he enjoyed a family trip to a safari park in northern california.
kenya’s ‘king’ david rudisha, one of the undoubted stars of the track in glasgow, will face tough competition from botswana’s nijel amos in the men’s 800m final at 7.50pm.
princess eugenie followed had dinner in the company of her father prince andrew at abc kitchen in new york the day after seeing her mother
secret: a new book out in germany reveals how president kennedy was a secret admirer of the nazis
but the idea of local agreements was rejected by george osborne who insisted anyone caught doing deals with rival parties would not be allowed to stand on a tory ticket.
newcastle united are willing to pay the £2million compensation fee for derby county boss steve mcclaren
people in five areas of the uk will now have to dial the full area code to telephone local homes and businesses – as regulators claim we are running out of landline numbers.
manchester united defender marcos rojo has sparked fury with an instagram post of drug lord pablo escobar
one man has died and another is in a critical condition after a fatal boat crash which occurred during a memorial bridge to bridge race on the hawkesbury river in ebenezer
police want to speak to this man about the theft
the race is on to connect remote parts of the world, with both google and facebook also investing in technologies such as balloons and drones 
a prison id card that once belonged to cult killer charles manson and documents featuring his signature are amongst the item that paul duffy is selling
now brian sewell has spoken for the first time of the cancer that has led to his absence from public life – and revealed how an operation to remove the tumour left him with what he calls ‘my picasso ear’.
a large-scale blackout is expected from midnight eastern standard time on tuesday until midnight on wednesday.
it also revealed the risky effects of drinking, as young people admitted to forgetting how they got home, driving themselves home drunk or getting in a car with someone they knew was intoxicated.
the number of britons with the condition has doubled in 20 years mainly due to obesity, causing an increase in people developing type 2 diabetes, and today it affects 3.8million.
dutch artist florentijn hofman debuted the photogenic duck in 2007, and versions of it have been seen around the world in places including china, hong kong, belgium, japan and new zealand.
the 7.3 magnitude tremor hit at 2.10am on saturday (5.10pm gmt today) near the crippled fukushima nuclear site
as it is, even barton’s own teammates at queens park rangers are growing tired of their captain’s excuses after they were left to battle fellow strugglers hull city for an hour with 10 men.
nobody in the family knew her father was affiliated with the klan.
her career total of 11 gold medals matches the achievements of paralympic greats baroness tanni grey-thompson and dave roberts.
timothy coupe 'humiliated' civil enforcement officer, amy harrison, by pulling out a toy gun and shooting water at her face and chest - causing the shirt she was wearing to go see-through.
apple launches its first smartwatch today - but anyone turning up to buy one in the high street will be disappointed.
will australian netflix subscribers be able to watch its original award-winning shows house of cards and orange is the new black?
luke anderson was apparently driving at 81mph when he smashed into the midwife on a small road near pakenham in suffolk.
the park's owner david gill said he ran to save ms clay's life and shoot the tiger but couldn't get a clear shot
new evidence: tamerlan tsarnaev's widow, katherine russell (pictured in 2007 mugshot) is under scrutiny after officials discovered radical islamist files on her computer
but a new 17 second-long video clip on you tube has nevertheless given a tantalising glimpse of some of the ten thousand volunteers being put through their paces - from a group of dancers practicing their moves to an orchestra rehearsing.
saber, a 600 pound male white bengal tiger and janda, a 400 pound orange bengal female live in a cage at the back of mrs haley's unassuming suburban home in orlando, florida.
essentials: a jail commissary report details the items that zimmerman purchased before his first night in lock-up
the story follows the narratives from all three of the lord of the rings films, with tt focusing on the trilogy’s most memorable moments.
loic remy's is happy to stay at qpr as long as a champions league side doesn't come in for him according to manager harry redknapp, who also confirmed the club are in talks to sign jonathan de guzman.
john mcdonald's parents are at loggerheads with their local school district in sherwood, oregon, which is refusing to provide a handler to oversee their son's service dog kai during class
christina lee jensen, 36, pictured, was arrested friday after a 17 month investigation by fairview township police
the once in a lifetime encounter happened as the pair casually bobbed in the water at souza rock, two miles from morro bay in california.
the iowa-born star shared his thoughts in a behind the scenes interview while filming a new advert for wrigley's extra chewing gum.
the top three funniest cities in america are chicago, boston and atlanta, respectively - according to researchers at the university of colorado's humor research lab.
retired teacher carol sheridan, 73, has not been seen since she left the picturesque village of habere-poche at 1pm on sunday after telling friends she was going for a drive and then a hike in the alps.
the aircrew said the flare appeared to come from the barton moss site, in salford, police have claimed, but protesters at the camp have denied the claim.
earlier this month scott lundy, a member of the washington scuba alliance, presented the wdfw a petition signed by 5,000 divers supporting a ban on killing octopuses at seacrest park.
they now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated £740 million, and have spent £11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the uk
tv and radio presenter glenn wheeler has woken from an induced coma after being struck on his scooter by a van on the way to work three weeks ago.
many of the teenagers are seen with the legal high ‘hippy crack’ and some appear to be casually passing substances to one another.
it also found that teenage women, specifically those living north of the midlands, are the most likely to get the flu.
when the nfl coach had a racy tattoo of his wife inked on his arm, wearing nothing but a new york jets jersey, it was supposed to be a touching gesture to his team.
hero: navy seal tyrone woods died while protecting staff at the us consulate in benghazi on september 11
wilson community center in windsor at about 9am wednesday when the teen snatched her purse from her and fled, police say.
but in a potentially delicious convergence of two radically different orbits, dunham and halbreich, 58 years her senior, are coming together for a project based on halbreich's life.
in february the 74-year-old journalism legend said he'd been diagnosed with multiple myeloma, which attacks the bone marrow.
not knowing google from gigabytes: a series of self-help books in french explains the internet, macs and pcs for 'women dummies'
paris saint-germain coach laurent blanc says nothing is agreed for angel di maria
the doctor noticed that the boy was non-verbal, unwashed, reeked of cigarette smoke and had bruises consistent with pinching 
a newly deciphered egyptian text which dates back almost 1,200 years tells part of the crucifixion story of jesus with never heard before apocryphal plot twists.
linda and larry drain of maryville have moved apart because couples whose household makes less than $15,510 don't qualify for affordable care act subsidies and tennessee, like most southern states, has refused to expand medicaid to fill in the gap.
ahead of its official naming by the queen next tuesday, p&o cruises' new liner, the 141,000-ton britannia, has arrived at its home port of southampton.
having fallen on hard times, and being too poor to care for themselves, they all ended up receiving spiritual succour during their last days in the medieval hospital of st john the evangelist, set up in 1195.
skinny spencer: made in chelsea's mr matthews lost 8lb over his two weeks at boot camp
women and girls of all ages sat patiently as brightly coloured fabrics and beads were weaved into their hair during the ninth afro-hairdressers' competition in cali.
speculation has been rife that mr johnson will make a pitch for a safe commons seat in the 2015 general election – a year before his term as london mayor expires.
officers are being encouraged to make the claims by a hotline run by the police federation.
authorities have confirmed a probe has been launched into claims that the group, linked with al qaeda, are behind the poaching of rhinos and elephants, as an animal 'head count' is launched in kenya and tanzania at the amboseli national park in kajiado county.
bayern munich boss pep guardiola is happy to stay at the bundesliga outfit for a 'long time'
as the hosts, chile have been seeded in pot 1 alongside argentina and brazil ahead of the draw for the 12-team event which will take place on november 24.
children's charity barnardo's has admitted paying made in chelsea star binky felstead, 24, (pictured) £3,000 to help promote it.
the striker was huge hit at the world cup, scoring three goals for his country in brazil which helped him secure a £12million move to the premier league.
young women are obsessed with being ‘hot’, the actress jacqueline bisset has claimed.
asked what seven times six equals, labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before eventually answering correctly following a ten second pause
venus williams and svetlana kuznetova were recently treated to canine ball boys during a warm-up match
the six-month-old baby, named today as molly-mae wotherspoon, died from blood loss 12 days ago after sustaining severe head wounds in the fatal attack at her mother's home in daventry   
finally, for those with deep pockets, charlotte tilbury's magic cream (£70) is the actual product that the actual kate moss uses.
last night, a foreign and commonwealth office spokesman said that the family of the british chef, thought to have been ivan aranto herrera jorge, was being supported by consular officials.
the dispute between the two men - former foreign minister abdullah abdullah and former finance minister ashraf ghani ahmadzai – is becoming ever more bitter.
happy hugs: the obama team chose to spend the final day of the campaign in the midwest to sure up votes in the critical swing states
the womenswear designer has unveiled a sneak peek of her aw14 victoria, victoria beckham collection - and it's full of embellished minis, crisp polka-dot shirts and soft cashmere jumpers.
vicente del bosque (spain)louis van gaal (holland)team news: spain and holland played out one of the most disappointing world cup finals in history four years ago.
three lucky punters had a day to remember on saturday, as joint fa cup favourites chelsea and manchester city were dumped out of the competition.
both obama and romney are skipping campaigning sunday to focuson preparing for their debate tuesday night, with the incumbent trying to rebound from a widely panned performance at the first face-off and the republican nominee hoping to repeat his strong showing.
originally from canada, alice crawley racked up $100,000 on credit cards in her homeland before coming to australia 15 years ago and adding $85,000 of debt to that.
legacy: england rugby player owen farrell has the game in his blood as the son of former league and union player andy farrell, now one of the english team coaches
one of the studies said that three to four cups of coffee a day may reduce the risk of developing diabetes by a quarter when compared to having less than two cups a day.
a man was knocked over by his van, and dragged into the street as the wheels ran over his chest and head
supporters affiliated to the sons of struth group and other union of fans organisations disrupted business at shops throughout the country during lunchtime trading.
mortgages have never been cheaper since the bank of england cut the base rate to 0.5 per cent nearly five years ago, the lowest level in its 320-year history
england face a nervous run-chase to avoid the ignominy of being eliminated from the world cup at the first hurdle after bangladesh posted a challenging total here at the adelaide oval this morning.
lawyers for assange asked britain's highest court to block his removal, arguing that the european arrest warrant issued against him was 'invalid and unenforceable'.
native to africa and asia, dusky langur monkeys are affectionately branded 'spectacled leaf monkeys'.
emily olinger and miranda fugate, both 14 years old, were fighting over a boy in olinger's yard in miami county, ohio, when olinger threw a shovel at fugate, which it her in the head and knocked her to the ground.
jake contreras, a 'paraprofessional redirection aide' who worked on student behavior, was detained when police searched his backpack at frank madla elementary school in san antonio.
latchmere house, in richmond upon thames, surrey, was known as camp 020 during world war two and was used to extract information from captured german agents.
the t-band was created by california-based kairos and features a smart module that attaches to watch straps measuring between 18mm and 24mm.
sharista giles (above) of sweetwater, tennessee woke up on wednesday after being in a coma for five months
loss: cal player ted agu, 21, has passed away after collapsing during a run with teammates
and the mother-of-seven, who is set to be released in april after serving just three years, is preparing to meet her pen-pal from northern england once freed.
kenneth conley smiled and winked as he listened to us
second dui arrest: record-breaking multiple olympic gold medalist michael phelps was arrested tuesday morning on suspicion of driving under the influence
now he is on the brink of a wembley cup final as tottenham take a slender 1-0 advantage to sheffield united tonight in their capital one cup semi-final second-leg clash.
she added that four years after her sacking she is still scared of being recognised and abused in public, and claimed police warned her she could be pushed in front of a tube train.
across the top four tiers of english football, there were 34 managerial changes and 27 dismissals between the start of the season and december 31.
known as quantum cryptography, this feature is being researched further by nokia and they hope that the technology could soon be making its way to a phone near you.
but derek murray, a university of alberta law student, found more than just the note that cold november day in edmonton--he also found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead acura back to life.
adnan januzaj (right) made his first premier league start since november 8 against leicester
the shock of paris saint-germain's 3-2 win against barcelona on tuesday is still reverberating around europe, with the french and spanish press continuing to react to the result.
the firm’s latest patent reveals plans to add customisable security options, based on the user’s location, meaning the phone would automatically unlock when in a ‘safe’ location.
he told police the voices told him to shoot another student in the arm for calling one of his friends ‘gay’ and then shoot himself in the head, according to court documents.
bosnia-herzegovina international vedad ibisevic hit back for the bundesliga hosts just before the break, but it was hull that dominated the game in germany and should have perhaps won by more.
an italian construction engineer abducted in libya four months ago has been freed and is on his way home after the militia holding him was paid one million euro ransom.
tv comic jo brand, pictured, said she feels angry because reality tv shows such as the x factor and britain's got talent could be exploiting people with mental health issues 'for other people to laugh at'
riley kovalcik, from roxbury, new jersey, penned the note to coleman after she and her identical twin sister, erin, who is also hearing impaired, watched a moving duracell ad about his journey to become the first legally deaf offensive player in the nfl.
the legislation, which will come into force from may next year, easily cleared the commons by 367 votes to 113.
the nervous creature hatched from its egg but then stayed there for two more days, peering at the outside world before finally emerging.
extraordinary: amateur photographer alberto ostacchini watched the apocalyptic scene unfold while he was out snapping pictures of local wildlife over grangemouth oil refinery on the river forth
their testimonials have come after revelations that the nsw medical council and both the private and public nepean hospitals were aware of dr nair’s cocaine addiction since 2004, when he was suspended for six weeks after a urine test found traces of cocaine in his system 
alison morton of buxton, derbyshire, who had breast cancer in 2007 and had surgery to remove her left breast
in a speech in hong kong, lord neuberger said there had been ‘astonishing developments in it – the ease with which information can be transmitted and received across the world, the ease with which words and scenes can be clandestinely recorded, and the ease with which information can be misrepresented or doctored’
would he have played like louis van gaal did at the world cup?
it's estimated between 355 million and 988 million birds are killed eery year from striking buildings in mid-flight.
the national average for petrol prices is currently $1.21 per litre with prices as low as $1.09 in sydney on tuesday 
his family was in an accident: dwayne shared this photo on twitter sunday of wreckage from an accident his mother and cousin were in; on monday it was revealed the driver who caused the crash was being chased by police
the argus-is array can be mounted on unmanned drones to capture an area of 15 sq/miles in an incredible 1,800mp - that's 225 times more sensitive than an iphone camera.
melissa whiting told officials she lived alone with her three children and raked in income support, housing benefit and council tax relief, a court heard.
tuitupou, 32, won nine caps for new zealand and joined sale from munster in 2011.
americans james and marian luciani and a friend were left with a bad taste in their mouths when they were handed an eye-watering £33 bill for just three ice creams and a bottle of water in bar il caffe, just steps from the famed trevi fountain.
at a seemingly similar real life truck, the 90s pop-rapper personally handed out ice cream this past weekend at bud lite's whatever usa pop-up party town in crested butte.
and the landlord said that this spooky footage is the proof he needed that his pub in llamelli, west wales, is visited by supernatural spirits.
hospital bosses have apologised after a woman who had just lost her unborn child was sent a letter offering her a tour of the maternity ward.
'my children and their futures were the motivation for our campaign and their health and well-being will always be my overriding priority.'
jon richards, 69, told his wife muriel, 68, that he needed a proper shed in their garden in studley, warwickshire, with enough space to practise his wood work.
the smirk that hides it all: hillary clinton said that she needs to seriously think about running because it is a big decision, but one that she will not make until next year
michael richardson, 19, was sentenced to 28 years in prison after pleading guilty on monday to a second-degree murder charge in wagoner county district court in wagoner, oklahoma.
crocodile tears: investigators say elizabeth fowler and daniel rhoney (seen in the background) left sherri rhoney bleeding in her front yard for hours after shooting her in the head
self-indulgent: the bbc has given extensive media coverage to its move from television centre in white city, west london, to nearby broadcasting house, drawing the ire of some viewers
a former aide to mp george galloway has been jailed for possessing a batch of 'explicit' photos of her policeman lover and his estranged wife.
the italian government is to stop search and rescue operations after thousands were picked up this year, including 600 would-be immigrants rescued from the mediterranean sea in a single weekend in september
the excuses, made this summer, have been publicised by the department for work and pensions to encourage the public to shop fraudsters.
but it appeared he was making a slightly suspicious gesture as he chatted to the organisation's chief executive liz hughes.
the tigers were 2-1 up at the hawthorns until west brom scored twice in the last three minutes to progress with a 3-2 win.
but officials today confirmed he lost an appeal against the australian department of immigration's decision that he should be deported to the uk, and will be sent back despite not having lived here for more than 40 years.
manchester united captain wayne rooney (centre) posts facebook image of him posing with japanese chefs
brian brimager is charged with covering-up the disappearance of his girlfriend yvonne baldelli, who went missing in panama in november 2011
'i believe the president must come to congress to begin a war and that congress has a duty to act,' paul said in a statement this morning 'right now, this war is illegal until congress acts pursuant to the constitution and authorizes it' 
fernando brignoni, 11, was playing with the caged malamute-wolf mix named sassy, at about 6 pm on friday at his bradenton home when the dog grabbed his hand
officials sent out the warning by an intelligence bulletin after the army threat integration center, which issues early warnings of threats, recognized the potential danger, fox news reported.
former minister stephen dorrell said a plan to offer loans to pay for care was not delivering 'the objective the government set out'
it was in 2010 that lord brabourne left broadlands for nassau, to be with jeannie nuttall, a bahamian fashion designer, whose clothes sell in the enclaves of the rich, such as rhode island, in new england, palm beach, and st barts, in the caribbean.
the 37-year-old, who served 21 months in jail for providing killer ian huntley with a false alibi after he murdered holly wells and jessica chapman, both ten, in 2002, is said to have initiated the romance after finding him online.
real madrid manager carlo ancelotti has played down the injury suffered by star man cristiano ronaldo against rivals atletico in tuesday night's super cup first leg 
jose changoluisa, 63, and his son fernando, 33, died of gunshot wounds after being pistol-whipped by their attackers as they tried to resist.
sales manager stacey, from birmingham, claims she was bombarded with sexy messages and photos from danny after meeting him eight months ago.
jonathan trott completed his tour-de-force double-century in england lions' run-drenched stalemate with south africa a in the first unofficial test at paarl.
natacha tormey with eamonn holmes and ruth langsford on itv's this morning
dr peter carter, head of the royal college of nursing, said families should be encouraged to assist patients during mealtimes and take them to the toilet.
critics insist that the existing legislation on the issue is confusing and that terminations based on the sex of the foetus are still going on in some communities.
david cameron will today launch a web campaign to pile pressure on labour and the lib dems to drop their opposition to giving the public a say on the eu.
but the press complaints commission has told mailonline this afternoon that none of those protests came from the beleaguered prince, his lawyers, or the royal household.
a director from the indonesian search-and rescue agency said readings detected on friday suggest the black box may be outside the tail section of the plane 
a massachusetts man is lucky to be alive after a practical joke went horribly wrong and he was left clinging to a capsized kayak in freezing cold conditions.
'after much reflection and in consultation with the leadership of the general assembly,' he told reporters during a press conference, 'i've come to the conclusion that it would be helpful to move legislation this week that makes it clear that this law does not give businesses a right to deny services to anyone.'
eight performers remained hospitalized monday after a platform collapsed during a performance by the ringling bros and barnum & bailey circus in providence, rhode island on sunday
engineer rob kirkbride, 48, from lytham, lancashire, died after his paraglider wing, which is part of the parachute, collapsed shortly after take-off as 5mph wind speeds increased by up to five times at a renowned paragliding hill.
charlotte lucas wrote a controversial facebook message last week criticizing minorities
department of health and human services makes no effort to determine the immigration status of adult relatives when they show up to claim unaccompanied minor children who entered the us
the newly released footage from a police dashboard camera shows bridgeton officers braheme days and roger worley in a december 30 stop that escalates quickly after days warns his partner about seeing a gun in the glove compartment of the jaguar.
lawyers for tostee complained on friday about police delays in gathering evidence, as detectives said they were still seeking overseas witnesses and evidence in the murder case of 26-year-old warriena wright, who allegedly fell to her death from tostee's high rise surfers paradise apartment on august 8.
owen coyle has been announced as the new head coach of major league soccer club houston dynamo
sir cliff richard's (left) home was searched after police were told a teenager under the age of 16 was attacked in sheffield at an event held by american evangelist billy graham in 1985.  rolling stones rocker keith richards has nothing to do with the matter
alonso's mclaren is wheeled into the garage after he was forced to retire from the malaysian grand prix
sir paul kennedy, the interception of communications commissioner, launched an inquiry after it emerged forces discover reporters’ confidential sources.
drugs mule: the 11-year-old was rushed to a hospital in santiago de cali, colombia, after a cocaine capsule burst in her stomach, where doctors found 104 capsules during surgery (stock image)
the young wealthy man from thebes was nearing the end of his life when his dental problem hit, researchers believe.
the terrifying reptile, which has an unusually blunt snout, had an incredibly strong bite, the researchers say.
robin van persie has revealed how much he misses close friend nemanja vidic - both from a personal and professional point of view.
warren grier, 45, a father-of-two, lived with his wife vivienne and family in the picturesque town of chester-le-street.
for the first time in 20 years jaguar land rover is also offering customers a long wheel-base version of the range rover – giving five and a half inches of extra legroom to occupants in a bid to capture more of the limousine market for chauffeured vips.
a guard said he went to investigate after hearing a woman's scream and found the stabbed man and the woman holding a knife.
police say the two men stole $200,000 from the store.
arsenal are monitoring celtic central-defender virgil van dijk ahead of a potential january swoop.
scam: carolan persuaded the grandmother to reveal her pin number as her elderly neighbour was fearful of using cash machines and withdrew a total of £1,870 from her account
desperate for success: policeman george mcnaught falsely issued hundreds of fines to be successful at work
he told supporters at a campaign event on wednesday in manhattan, new york, that he doesn’t worry about malia, 13, and sasha, 10.
rain had been forecast and threatened to dampen the new york city fireworks but it never amounted to more than drizzle and the display dazzled the manhattan skyline
bus group tycoon donald parks is fronting a new £6.5million rescue plan for rangers
freeing the wales: a new bill up for debate in california could end the use of killer wales by seaworld, making it illegal for them to be kept in captivity
sir cliff richard, with his friend john mcelynn, has not been asked for an interview by south yorkshire police nor even been contacted by them
the labour leader announced that he wants to ‘change politics’ by reducing the voting age for the first time since 1969 so politicians ‘hear the voices of people that haven’t been heard for a long time’.
they added their trademark white spots - as christmas snow - together with their company logo, to the 1987 piece out of order, by sculptor david mach.
philip, 43, pictured getting a helping hand from two judges as he broke the world record, learnt his art working as a sommelier at the savoy and the ritz in london
the move was announced by chancellor george osborne, who is on a week-long tour of china aimed at drumming up trade.
a los angeles judge has rejected a bid by casey kasem's daughter to establish a conservatorship for the ailing radio personality.
and toffees boss martinez has declared he would love to bring lukaku back to everton if chelsea do decide to sell the former anderlecht striker.
less a television programme, more a way of life, match of the day has played a special part in millions of people’s lives for the past 50 years.
millions of pounds of unexploded bombs dumped in the gulf of mexico by the us government after world war two pose a significant risk to offshore oil drilling, warn researchers
a major canadian pension fund is close to finalising a deal to buy out burton's biscuit company, the makers of biscuit tin favourites jammie dodgers and wagon wheels.
not a supporter: former arkansas gov mike huckabee appeared on cnn's 'state of the union' to discuss the topic of gay marriage 
while the hat may not be easy on the eye to some, the same couldn't be said for tevez's free-kick in their 1-1 draw at roma on monday night.
jenn brady, 22, tipped the scales at 13 stone and was mortified after doctors told her she was obese when she went for a check-up last january.
their rental car was clipped and sent them hurtling into a ditch, just moments before the truck hit the bus head-on
busted: elizabeth segundo mcclain, 22, of austin, was charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon after the incident on monday
the 16ft shark leapt out of the water half a mile off the pembrokeshire coast.
in further evidence that young voters are drifting to the right, a poll found they are three times more likely to support spending on universal handouts for the elderly than they are on out-of-work claimants.
anthony owen, 68, was found sprawled on the ground next to his car and died in hospital six days later from head injuries.
business brains: lauren pope shot to fame on towie but has been running hair rehab london since 2007 and now she's modelling her new range of extensions, which she wears herself every single day
daniel, who says he has been taking viagra for 10 to 12 years on a regular basis - and now spends around £1,000 a year on the pills - admits that he experiences unpleasant side effects after taking a tablet - but fears about pleasing his partners prevent him from quitting.
cristiano ronaldo stunned fans with another hat-trick on sunday, and celebrated by taking partner irina shayk out for dinner.
fossil fuels, by contrast, add carbon to the atmosphere from underground stores millions of years old.
former samuel eto'o provided the deft pass to nutmeg philippe mexes and find roberto soriano to open the scoring just before the hour mark with an emphatic finish from the top of the box.
the property in london's knightsbridge was down to the final 12 months of a 90-year-lease when its owner died recently 
rafael travels to yeovil with louis van gaal and co looking to avoid an upset at huish park on sunday, and the defender has been told stories about ryan giggs in the competition previously.
bony has supplied over a third of swansea's barclays premier league goals, as well eight of the last 13, and captain ashley williams said after last weekend's 2-1 home defeat to tottenham that they must find a way to lift the scoring burden on the ivorian.
driving rain and gusts of up to 35mph swirled around the berkshire track and made life somewhat difficult for punters, particularly some of the more glamorous ladies, who faced a battle to keep their modesty in tact.
his contract is running down at aston villa and he’ll soon be able to join any club for free.
at least eight domestic hospitals have installed such systems, and several dozen others are testing trial setups.
'fantastic': wayne rooney scores one of england's two goals, but wilshere says the attacking was excellent
unique features: the six-bedroom property on the star-studded chatsworth estate includes a wine cellar, movie theater with reclining leather seats and a 'man cave'
one day after julie bishop set social media alight about her missing earring, prime minister tony abbott this morning opened up about his own fashion choices 
tragic: police say conrad truman pressed a pistol against his wife heidy's head and shot her at point blank range in their suburban utah home.
the 41-year-old mother was being directed by her husband when the tragedy happened, in ningbo, zhejiang province, china.
it is understood he was set upon in the early hours of sunday after asking fellow guests to be quietduring a scuffle outside his room at the hotel in newcastle, one man is said to have bitten off part of the actor’s ear – which was later found on the floor and sewn back on by doctors
the gunners take on brendan rodgers' side at the emirates, third in the premier league and six points clear of fifth-placed liverpool in the race for the top four.
fat fighter: jessie pavelka advocates a healthy lifestyle
megan craufurd, 19, won the best rural booty competition at the humpty doo tavern in the northern territory on saturday night 
the former lucasian professor of mathematics at cambridge university is one of the latest winners of the most lucrative science prize ever established.
disguise: a drug dealer has been unmasked as a university of sheffield student - bizarrely hiding behind a cardboard cut-out where's wally mask
in his traditional 'urbi et orbi' speech, the pope condemned the killing of 'defenceless' civilians in syria and urged palestine and israel to find the courage to negotiate.
just like being there: the queen watches her christmas message in 3d with staff from sky news, which has produced this year's broadcast
the images are the work of american commercial photographer eric sahrmann, 36, from chicago, who says he created the pictures to raise awareness of the importance of infant health.
alice and justin smellie (pictured) like many couples, have long battled over the best way to stack a dishwasher
michelle knight revealed her horrifying ordeal in her new book, published on may 6.
the footage shows the teenage bullies laughing and joking as they poured lighter fluid over the pile of papers on a picnic bench and set it alight.
the malibu-based playboy son of an african dictator is being forced to surrender more than $30million worth of his assets after allegedly stealing money from his own country.
mrs stavert-lee’s daughter was travelling some distance behind her in another car and came across the scene.
treasury chief secretary danny alexander reacted furiously to the comments, saying the green levies, which add £112 to the average bill, were helping to insulate homes for the poor and invest in clean energy such as wind farms and solar panels.
the great war in portraits, which debuts at the national portrait gallery next month, also tells the stories of some of the most fascinating participants, among them a russian female soldier, a british nurse executed by the germans and the first nepalese recipient of the victoria cross.
the fallon family: mr fallon has used brain scans of himself, his wife and children as a control group when he made the discovery
delivery: jessika thurman (photographed) delivered her own baby in the front seat of a van friday afternoon as her husband rushed to get her to the hospital
george osborne will announce an extra £1billion in nhs funding next week to avert a potential winter crisis, government sources say.
the paper ball (pictured) measures 9 feet 7 inches tall and 32.2 feet in circumference
taxpayers have footed a £135,000 bill to move 50 protected water voles - at a cost of £2,500 per animal - to allow dredging of the somerset levels.
researchers found that light to moderate drinkers, who drank 5 to 15 grams of alcohol daily on average, had a lower risk of depression compared with people who abstained
west ham united winger matt jarvis features on the front of february's attitude and claims the sport is more than ready to welcome any footballing stars wanting to come out.
tragic: lennon lacy (pictured), 17, was found hanging by a dog leash and a belt from a swing set in a trailer park in bladenboro in bladen county, north carolina, less than a mile from his home, in august this year
victor valdes (left) trains with the manchester united squad on friday afternoon
avoided jail: andrew townsend (left), 51, of hulme, manchester, downloaded hundreds of vile photographs but was allowed to walk free after judge lindsey kushner (right) ruled he would not learn his lesson behind bars
grandfather robert rae, 64, has spent the last eight years transforming the front garden of his council house in caol, which is the largest village in scotland
a formula one fan was arrested on friday after he ran across the track during practice for the chinese grand prix.
mr whitaker said he didn’t know anythingabout the complaint until two weeks later, when he was called into his superior’s office and informed he was being suspended after an allegation of sexual harassment and was asked to leave the premises immediately.
school superintendent dr quincie moore said the boy confessed to pouring a cap-full of bleach into a 7-gallon container full of gatorade, which was brought to a game between gaffney and granard middle school.
roger mundell jr, 53, went into the garage in brookfield on sunday morning to fetch some tie-down straps for a friend when the rabid animal attacked.
owen clarke, 12, weighed 10st 8lb (67kg) last summer and says he was embarrassed by his size, and because he got so red and sweaty after exercise 
former football coach william coleman, 53, originally from bootle, liverpool, had been charged in 2012 with failing to register as a sex offender after finishing an eight-year prison sentence for sexually assaulting his wife.
informal chat: ireland boss martin o'neill says keane has spoken with celtic owner dermot desmond
the animals' owner, linnea chapman, found her australian shepherds, bartlett, bailey, and remy dead in the backyard and covered in bees on tuesday night.
cctv footage shows the man breaking the door of the deli before creeping into deli a go go in cardiff, to take a packet of sour cream and sweet onion kettle chips.
the football federation australia's national club identity policy, released on thursday, said club's names and logos can't 'carry any ethnic, national, political, racial or religious connotations'
angie donohue has told how her husband of four years, daryl scott donohue, 43, had tried to hire someone to kill her, even from the confines of his prison cell.
great start: pablo armero got colombia off to an early lead in their group c victory against greece
butch moore addressed the court when joshua almeda made his first appearance, just two days after the shooting, to face charges of murdering breanna.
wayne rooney (centre), marouane fellaini (left) and phil jones enjoy a light-hearted discussion
leicester won the first half 10-8 but the small advantage came at a cost as the injuries started to mount with owen williams, david mele, prop boris stankovich and lock geoff parling all picking up knocks.
an 11-year-old girl was bitten twice by a shark as she played on a boogie board in daytona beach.
the difficult operation took more than an hour to carry out on the seafront at cromer, in north norfolk
rupert and james murdoch both said they are 'toobusy' to attend and now will be issued with a formal summons.
now a writer and photographer, mr griffiths, 41, was posted to northern ireland with the parachute regiment after joining the army in 1988 at the age of 16.
from cliff-top single track roads with deadly drops in pakistan to highways renowned for their bandits in mexico, an interactive map includes ‘fear factor’ ratings for the routes and includes perilous facts about them to highlight the dangers of driving.
tailbacks: one lane was reopened to traffic shortly after midday after several hours of congestion
aguero has been out of action since picking up a knee ligament injury against everton
evacuations: about 700 homes have been evacuated in the area which has burned through five houses and 3,000 acres
the machine, developed by japanese robotics company suidobashi heavy industry, functions like an automatic four-wheel-drive, controlled by the user from inside a cockpit.
west ham united vs leicester city (upton park) 
former army staff sergeant ryan pitts is set to receive the medal of honor for his heroics during one of the deadliest battles of the us
scott quigg has responded to new ibf super-bantamweight champion carl frampton's challenge by insisting he would relish the chance to settle their rivalry.
authorities said initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids and no signs of contamination of the environment following the blast at goure px plant in zhangzhou, fujian province — the second explosion to hit the factory in 20 months.
jose mourinho thinks it is unfair to single out david luiz after the former chelsea defender made a number of mistakes during brazil's humiliating 7-1 defeat by germany.
a former marine shot and killed his girlfriend before turning the gun on himself after a standoff in an atlanta suburb with swat officers that lasted 12 hours, police say.
cruel: craig curtis, 27, has been jailed for 18 weeks after he battered his dog with a baseball bat because it urinated on the floor
'so inspirational': four-year-old summer carss has had two heart transplant operations after being born with an organ that did not work properly
and, on sunday, the temperature in omaha hovered at a teeth chattering 32 degrees.
the rockets were fired from an area located on the east coast and flew about 42 miles over the sea of japan, a defence ministry spokesman from south korea said.
harry, who is patron of the walking with the wounded expedition, said: ‘a half day on friday and we get to the south pole on friday 13th - unlucky for some, lucky for us.
shoppers to leave shoes and mobiles at door
shocking footage has emerged of a truck turning at a red arrow and onto oncoming traffic in brisbane
david frohardt-lane won the premier sports handicapping contest sunday, taking home $557,850.the 36 year-old numbers guy beat out more than 1,000 competitors to win the sports betting supercontest run by the lvh casino-hotel in las vegas
now pc rowland is demanding up to £200,000 in ‘aggravated damages for slander’ and has asked the court to grant an injunction to ‘restrain’ mr mitchell, and anyone acting on his behalf, from repeating his claim that rowland fabricated the allegation.
a woman molested by stephen collins when she was just ten has refused to accept his belated apology and insisted he did gain sexual gratification by ejaculating while making her touch him inappropriately.
in a significant boost to chancellor george osborne, analysis also suggests that the uk overtook france in 2014 to become the world’s fifth largest economy.
doughty stopped his royal mail hgv at the side of the motorway and hid mail sacks in bushes at the roadside.
he won a seventh cy young award - the most among any other pitcher - at the age of 41 after going 18-4 in 2004 with the houston astros.
inter milan want to take manchester city forward stevan jovetic on loan
tamir rice, 12, was fatally shot by police in cleveland after brandishing what turned out to be a bb gun
it has been alleged that the force told the mother that investigating the names would be a 'breach of her daughter's human rights'.
the birth of prince george earlier saw advertising firms spring into action as they rushed a succession of humorous ads onto billboards up and down the country.
the store's bosses have now been forced to put padded envelopes and postage boxes behind a desk in a bid to stop the scam.
he was charged with molesting five boys aged between seven and 14 and was sentenced this week to two years imprisonment.
mark madoff was found dead at his apartment in manhattan two years after his father's arrest for fraud
at least 66 people were killed on thursday as syria's regime pounded the rebel stronghold with air strikes after a barrage of opposition fire hit the capital damascus.
she suspects a handyman she employed was a con artist who copied her key and removed the valuable works over two years from filing cabinets where they were stored at the chateau de vauvenargues (pictured)
schalke midfielder max meyer wore cr7-branded underwear during his side's win against real madrid 
arsenal midfielder francis coquelin has defended olivier giroud (above) after criticism from thierry henry
eagle point in utah can be hired out completely for almost $10,000 (£6,500) and can cater for 200 people
after comparing the samples, they isolated a molecule that was more active in sepsis patients than in the other groups.
fashion friends: ms bosworth greets the legendary fashion designer with a kiss on both cheeks
brit movie tours has enjoyed sell-out trips since they introduced dedicated tours of the towie heartland last summer.
the revelation follows after police discovered the charred remains of a woman's body around 5pm on friday after they were directed to cocoparra national park north of griffith, nsw by stanford's family it's further alleged a gasoline can had been found nearby
the press standards probe has already spent £3.2 million since it was set up in july last year
traditional: the streets, seen here in 2005, are usually decorated with bright festive lights
a spokesman confirmed to mailonline today that an investigation is underway after cops were spotted showing off to prospective online dates in their uniforms, posing next to patrol cars and motorcycles.
the actress wrote on her own page that she found the story 'dead scarey' (sic) and 'amazing', according to news.com
a specialist police child abuse team is investigating ella draper, 42, and her partner abraham christie after they forced her two children to lie about sexual abuse and ritual torture in hampstead, north london 
the hd hero3 camera had been placed on the ground by wildlife expert matthew copham, from safari footprints, and pointed towards two cheetahs resting near a bush.
wayne sperling, 67, could spend up to seven years in prison when he is sentenced on december 30.
25-year-old daniel sturridge has not played for liverpool since august and will be out until next year
dr john philpott, director of the jobs economist, said: 'the quarterly increase of 248,000 in the number of people in work in the uk is remarkably strong.
paul merson has restarted his row with andros townsend after the tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team's 0-0 draw with burnley on sunday.
southampton striker graziano pelle insists his confidence hasn't been destroyed despite no scoring in the premier league since december 20.
from the outside it looks like it could still light up a city but the frank r phillips power station in south heights, pittsburgh was living on borrowed time.
complications: rosie, left, and ruby, right, were born joined at the abdomen and shared part of the intestine
janeya was supposed to go to howe elementary school but instead ended up at yates elementary school approximately 2.2 miles away
richie benaud (centre, talking to mark nicholas) revealed he is being treated for skin cancer 
the life sciences industry – which includes research into drugs for cancer and alzheimer's – turns over £50billion a year and employs 160,000 people in 4,500 companies.
gary trevett, 54, and fiona langdown, 53, preyed on nine victims after agreeing to make funeral arrangements, then betraying their trust.
a chihuahua pup (left) stowed away in its owner's suitcase (right) before being discovered by tsa agents at la guardia airport
up for the cup: conchita wurst won the eurovision song contest for austria in copenhagen this year
chase: hamilton trails rosberg by four points at the top of the drivers' standings going into germany
roma returned to winning ways to close the gap on serie a leaders juventus following a 3-0 victory over torino at the olimpico stadium.
he might not have had the best of seasons by his standards, but robin van persie's two goals for manchester united at st mary's on monday night demonstrated his enduring quality as one of the finest finishers in english football 
rita ora, 24, has lent her good looks to rimmel's colourful new beauty campaign 
popular: diamond, who has sold over 125 million records worldwide, making him one of the world's best-selling artists, released 'sweet caroline' in september 1969 as a single.
after weeks of promotion, tony bellew and nathan cleverly finally come together in the most bitter of grudge matches and in an eliminator for the wbo world cruiserweight title.
the report, by accountancy giant kpmg, also shows demand for staff increased ‘at a marked pace’ last month as firms looked to hire new recruits.
the clip that would supposedly be played to the last people watching the station is a minute-long version of the 19th century hymn 'nearer my god to thee' performed by the armed forces marching bands.
ibrahimovic faces a disciplinary hearing over the comments he made after the bordeaux game on march 15 
scheme: igor borodin has pleaded guilty to buying fake airbags from china and selling them on ebay
the advanced 'satis' automatic toilet can be remotely operated by a free app available on android smartphones that lets people raise and lower the toilet set as well as trigger a bidet function and flush.
kevin lamont fleming, 20, and his friend ricky 'maya' shawatza hall, 27, were allegedly picked up in baltimore by another man on sunday night before 'partying' at nearby lodgings in howard county.
bbc's test match special pundit geoff boycott said: 'trott's on the move, which is not great against the new ball.
the health service is facing potentially its worst financial crisis in its 66-year history.
she is also the driving force behind a spice girls reunion with victoria beckham, geri halliwell, melanie chisholm and emma bunton but that the others are dragging their feet.
georgina and sid innes at their inverness-shire home where they were married, wearing the clothes that they wore on their wedding day
chief  whip michael gove has told tory mps that thursdays will be one-line whips, which means there will be no major legislation or debates
ralph garlick jr, 53, said he found the baby girl naked and crying, wrapped only in newspaper at about 2 am
anthony crolla had to withdraw from his title fight after being injured after confronting burglars at his home
andres iniesta scored once and provided two assists to help barcelona romp to a 4-0 rout of third-tier huesca in the last 16 of the copa del rey on wednesday.
christine walker went to cheltenham general hospital with a bruised elbow but died after contracting norovirus
these were the first conflicts since second world war to be formally judged genocidal and many key players were subsequently charged with war crimes by the un's international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia.
the north korean spokesman also criticised kerry's comments on north korea's human rights record and weapons programmes.
the two men, can be seen brandishing weapons in broad daylight as they confronted officers following the brutal killing of drummer lee rigby.
'amy winehouse was one of the greatest jazz singers of all time,' he tells me, gesturing for me to sit with him on his couch.
photographer johnny milano was allowed to shoot behind the scenes at the national socialist movement convention in atlanta, georgia, after months of negotiations with nazi leaders.
eduardo rosas cruz, 25, was arrested late monday in kern county, san joaquin county deputy district attorney stephen taylor said.
girlfriend blacked out: amateur rugby prop benjamin blake admitted causing actual harm to his girlfriend tanya trevelyn
grimm, a republican, said on monday that he would vacate his staten island congressional seat on jan.
gloucester winger jonny may is hoping to get over being dropped by england with victory in next month’s challenge cup final.
pulled from the water: a car plunged off a road into los angeles harbor on thursday, and two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized in grave condition.
new zealand were always looking for a miracle after being bowled out for a below-par 183 in 45 overs, despite 83 from grant elliott – as mitchell starc bowled brendon mccullum for a duck in the first over.
christopher marks vanished during a family picnic near the meramec river in missouri on sunday night.
manager nigel pearson is hopeful of persuading mcarthur to join after being given permission to speak to the 26-year-old with their offer forcing rivals burnley out of the picture crystal palace also had an interest 
the study, carried out by the boston university school of medicine, posthumously tested the brains of 50 footballers, 33 of whom played in the nfl.
birkett failed to brake and smashed into a peugeot 206 at a junction, injuring driver bradley white and killing passenger peter tickner.
privacy: the duchess of cambridge is at the centre of a new privacy row after bild in germany published a picture of her bottom, alongside images of reality tv star kim kardashian and her sister khloe
her tweet, posted yesterday, came hours after pennsylvania state police arrested 21-year-old oscar ramiro ortega-hernandez in connection with the alleged gunfire incident at the white house last friday.
the duchess of cambridge is rarely spotted in dresses that don't come in her favourite dark navy and black these days and she proves the power of the colour combination, left, in a navy jenny packham gown for st andrew's 600th anniversary ball in new york and, right, hobbs and jenny packham for a reception earlier this year
phil jones has celebrated his 2014 by treating his family and friends to a night at manchester restaurant 'wings', followed by a trip on the boogie bus.
born-again christian mr dacre, who was ranked at number 793 on the sunday times rich list, was convinced by thepair that the money would be invested in a secret trading platform that would reap huge returns.
a gunman has died after reportedly being shot several times by police during a siege that lasted several hours.
ruth burger of london, ontario, faces one count of criminal negligence causing death and two counts of criminal negligence causing bodily harm, reports ctv news.
despite her lack of experience in an f1 car – one straight-line test and day in the young driver test at silverstone last year – wolff, 31, continues to make her case for a race seat and will, ludicrously, drive in practice sessions during grands prix weekends at silverstone and hockenheim this season.
the last decade has seen an exceptional number of extreme heatwaves around the world, hitting the us in 2012, russia in 2010, australia in 2009, and europe in 2003 with damaging impacts on health, the economy, agriculture and wildlife
our solar system is flying through space more slowly than we thought - and nasa's ibex - interstellar boundary explorer - has found it doesn't have a 'bow shock', an area of gas or plasma that shields our solar system as it hurtles though space
more than 600 people gathered to pay their respects to ‘strong’ and ‘brave’ charity fundraiser jak trueman, 15, days after he lost his fight with a rare form of cancer.
the future of 25 babies born in australia to asylum seeker mothers is uncertain after a change in legislation
killed: jordan is pictured with her son jude mirra, whom she fatally poisoned in a hotel room in 2010
open: erkine college students juan varona (left) and drew davis (right) recently publicly acknowledged they were both gay, sparking some media attention that angered local christian groups
the spiky plant had shown no signs of blossoming for 11 years but has now burst into an array of turquoise petals with orange anthers - on what is expected to be the hottest day of the year.
mohammad ali baryalei, who is now australia's most senior islamic state leader, worked as a spruiker outside a kings cross strip club before he turned to radical islam
diego maradona met pope francis at the vatican today ahead of an inter-religious charity match tonight
but three and a half years later he is still battling on
gupta, is accused of having carried out 83 tubectomies in just three hours at a state-run 'family planning camp' in the bilaspur district of chhattisgarh state on saturday.
facebook and twitter, with their 'harmless' online flirtations, never-quite-forgotten old flame reunions and 'friends' who seem to care more about our lives than our partners, have made emotional cheating more possible
the three-time world cup winner remains in 'semi-intensive care' at the albert einstein hospital in sao paulo.
switches are used to manage data traffic on computer networks.
but he received a suspended sentence on monday by judge nigel peters, who said the girl was ‘predatory' and 'egging you on’.
mrs collier said moonlight went missing nine years ago while she was on holiday, and the family gave him up for dead after a cat matching his description was found in the road, but he miraculously survived
up close: a snowflake captured by russian photographer alexey kljatov on the balcony of his moscow home
kavan humphreys, 13, was fishing around morecambe bay in lancashire with his father and a friend when he strayed into a particularly treacherous area and started to sink.
former arsenal captain thierry henry has got fans guessing after posting picture of himself alongside singer-songwriter robbie williams on twitter, cryptically promising 'something special' ahead of red nose day 2015. 
prime minister david cameron hopes tosecure sufficient commitments from leaders and multinational firms to help prevent 25 million children under five suffering stunted growth by the time of the 2016 olympic games in rio de janeiro, brazil.
surrey coroner richard travers questioned why it was legal for such old tyres to be used after hearing how driver colin daulby battled to control the 52-seat coach on the a3 in surrey.
sword attack: brandin ayling (pictured here in 2011) was arrested after allegedly attacking three people with a sword in lynnwood, washington 
a 20-year-old man has been stabbed to death on a luton estate where earlier this month policewere forced to begin armed patrols in a bid to clamp down on gang shootings.
the party was scheduled for saturday, ahead of the cinco de mayo holiday on monday, which celebrates mexican heritage and pride.
the government is to increase the discount available under the right to buy scheme first launched by margaret thatcher from 60 to 70 per cent.
a group raising awareness of isis' persecution of women in the vast swathes of the middle east under its control said the woman had contacted kurdish peshmerga fighters by telephone to plead for the brothel to be bombed to put the women held as sex slaves out of their misery.
a man who was freed after serving 23 years in prison for a murder he did not commit suffered a serious heart attack a day after his release 
caught: mohammed whitaker, 27, of grandview, missouri, has been charged with 18 felony counts in connection with about a dozen recent highway shootings that have wounded three people
political leaders and commentators around the world are reacting to news that scotland has voted no to leaving britain - as attention turns to other separatist movements fighting for independence.
amoz davis was in his bunk bed when he started playing with the lighter on thursday night in northern miami apartment.
the family of four from barcelona lost their camera while travelling throughout scotland
valery makarenkov prowled the streets and parks of capital moscow preying on women in a reign of terror that spanned more than 30 years.
youngsters between 12 and 15 are for the first time spending as much time on the net - often accessed through their mobile phone - as they spend watching tv.
the model sees boys and girls educated together until the age of 11, before being taught separately until 16 and then returned to mixed classes in sixth form.
gisele attracted much controversy a year or so ago when she announced haughtily that it should be illegal for mothers not to feed their children the way nature intended until they were at least six months old.
disturbing behavior: chad monroe, 34, was charged with stalking and unlawful posting of a message online after his ex-girlfriend complained to police that the man has vowed to make her life a living hell by posting nude photos of her on facebook 
amy-louise james, 25, had such severe eczema she had to change her bed sheets every day because of her weeping wounds.
'tough and tearful': carol thatcher made the poignant comment to media gathered outside the family home in chester square, london
tamara ecclestone standing in the shoe section of her walk-in wardrobe - home to over 120 pairs of louboutins - in her current home in chelsea
mr clegg was asked to appear on the comedy show under the pretense of convincing one of the panelists, alex brooker, to vote at the next election.
injury: aaliyah raj, four, was out with her mother samita, 24, on the seafront in eastbourne, east sussex, when she was struck by a bike and left with these tyre marks on her face
rebecca zahau, 32, was found dead more than seven weeks ago on july 13, hanging from a second-floor balcony at the historic mansion in suburban coronado, california.
we will find intelligent life on other planets within 25 years, the man behind one of the world's most advanced searches for alien life has predicted.
both perry and manson-perry received the disability living allowance (dla) payouts after claiming they could hardly walk unaided, the court was told 
the four-minute fist fight, which was filmed in the brothers leagues club car park in townsville after an annual rugby league carnival, has been condemned by police.
gloria bono, 72, and her son michael bono, 45, were found dead with multiple gunshot wounds at a property in the luxury yacht and country club in stuart, florida, yesterday.
the latest in nasa's mars probes, the mars atmosphere and volatile evolution mission - maven - officially kicked off this morning as an unnamed atlas 5 rocket blasted off from cape canaveral air force station in florida.
grim discovery: police found the bodies of judith ann brierley, 67, and kim matthews, 62, in the home they shared in ealing, west london
shaming the industry: julie walters, 63, has blamed continuing ageism in the industry for newsreader anna ford, 69, remaining absent from our screens.
it may not have been quite the trophy he was hoping for at the start of the tournament, but james rodriguez still seemed delighted at winning the world cup golden boot following full time between germany and argentina.
the claims were made by facebook's chief operating officer, sheryl sandberg, pictured, during an interview with bbc breakfast in london
hacked off co-founder and university professor brian cathcart yesterday faced questions about who is paying his salary while he campaigns for state-imposed regulation of the press.
cause for mistrial: the defense claimed that david tarloff (left) was so psychotic that he couldn't tell that killing dr kathryn faughey (right) was wrong
the man who styles benedict cumberbatch, pdiddy, alex turner, david gandy and jason statham is bringing his design credentials to leicester square hotel w london
the four-bedroom brae cottage, in knutsford, cheshire, was occupied by sir henry royce for nearly ten years from 1898 and is now on the market for £2.2million
the 47-year-old suspect, who was quickly arrested, has been named by french police as rachida h is being held in a psychiatric unit after being judged 'mentally disturbed'
costa's participation is ever shrouded in doubt as he nurses tight hamstrings but with didier drogba left behind in london with an ankle injury mourinho has decided to risk his eight-goal striker rather than play loic remy at centre-forward.
the shove by stoke city's marko arnautovic that sent arsenal's mathieu debuchy flying in the hoardings
around 300 fish were killed after a thick 'carpet of food' was poured into six tanks at paws pet shop in musselburgh, east lothian.
pope francis told new mothers they should feel to breastfeed during a ceremony to baptise 33 infants in the sistine chapel on sunday.
olly carpenter, 25, of the royal engineers, uploaded the two-minute clip – in which he says ‘half of this government needs to be quarantined’ and the country is ‘run by p***ks’ – to his facebook page earlier this month and the video went viral 
compared: the opinium poll for the observer puts labour on 36%, an increase of two points on a fortnight ago, with the tories unchanged on 29%, ukip down three on 16% and the liberal democrats on 6%
ronald anderson, 48, who was charged in the crime spree, was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend, according to court documents obtained on friday.
after days of excess rain in china's quzhou city the reservoir's floodgates opened automatically to drain off millions of gallons of excess water, washing out hundreds of fish
belinda bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a bondi butcher on monday night when she was buying a chicken for her and her roosters star boyfriend aidan guerra to have for dinner
former french president nicolas sarkozy was recorded offering to meet prince albert of monaco to 'set up' a plum job for a judge, it was today claimed.
both the host and one of the promoters for a michigan party that saw 2,000 attendees on saturday say a similar event will take place.
as the crazed dog mauled officers in a frenzied half-hour attack, its owner and a friend stood by and did nothing, telling them instead: 'you should have just knocked on the door', a court was told.
uefa’s disciplinary panel has taken action against three clubs following racist incidents during the qualifying rounds for this season’s champions league.
lewis hamilton poses with the monster energy girls at the monza rally show in november
sergey lavrov said russia has no plans to attack ukraine after talks with us secretary of state john kerry in downing street today but said the two countries share 'no common vision' on the crisis
across 200 local authorities in england, pest control budgets have been cut by 24.4 per cent on average since 2010.
sports fan: since news of ty's death, it has become clear that peterson had a number of unknown love children
remi ray, 28, from london, started working in curvy fashion in 2010 and since coming on leaps and bounds she's now been shortlisted for a cosmopolitan body confidence award 
moving away from wealth: gloria inherited money from her family's railroad fortune but anderson (seen right with his mother, now-deceased brother carter and father wyatt in 1972) said that he chose to pay more attention to his father's humble beginnings
the former republican presidential candidate made the controversial remarks while speaking at a conference in san francisco, and while most of the event focused on economic issues, an audience member asked about a new program in texas that aims to 'cure' gay and lesbian clients.
in limbo: arianna remy, 5, pictured here with her now-late mother, jennifer martel, has been in foster care since august
fulham and burnley have also asked about dorrans's situation but albion will only consider a permanent deal as they look to finance incomings.
mcveigh also viewed himself as a 'paul revere-type messenger' and even suggested his defense team should receive $800,000 from the government, according an archive of documents donated by the convicted bomber's lead attorney.
care was named in the tourists’ original line-up for the first test against the all blacks, but a fitness test on a shoulder injury confirmed he would miss the series opener.
the unnamed claimant was caught, but avoided jail - receiving a 12 month suspended sentence for fraud - and was not even asked to repay the cash even though they had £10,500 in savings.
victim: lenami godinez-avila, 27, died in april after a freak hang gliding accident investigators say resulted from her pilot failing to strap her in
fulham forward ross mccormack celebrates his third goal to complete a first half hat-trick
keatley, arrested as part of an investigation by the metropolitan police service's anti-gun trident gang crime command, was sentenced to five years for one count of possession of a prohibited weapon - a forehand & wadsworth double action .38 gate loading revolver
government sources confirmed that the drastic move, which has previously been fiercely resisted by the liberal democrats, is being considered and could be announced by george osborne in december.
the parents said they took their daughter to mexico because they believe she was 'threatened and intimidated' at the arizona hospital and had contracted an infection while there which led to her arm being amputated.
daniel sturridge (right) took to instagram on monday to reveal that he is 'feeling good' after injury setbacks
the author: ruth field has written cut the cr*p to help and inspire people to become healthier
'gaveher a kiss on the cheek, and no bad reaction.
more than 2,000 people attended the memorial service at stjohnsbury academy, vermont, the school where she taught, to remember the beloved teacher and single mother
lord judge: the lord chief justice said issues such as prisoners' voting rights were a matter for parliament alone and not the echr in strasbourg
sunderland players felt lescott (third right) of west brom could have been sent off for a foul on striker graham
but now it has emerged that hatch, who drowned with the crew of the mary rose and the only known female aboard, was male.
dips such as homous and baba ganoush, herbs, spices and flavourings like sumac and harissa, and even preservedlemons have become shopping trolley staples thanks in part to israeli chef yotam ottolenghi, left
andre timberlake-evans, 39, was diagnosed with incurable brain cancer this summer and has been told by doctors that he may be dead within the year.
they arrived today, driven past the monied and white stucco-fronted mansions of kensington — just a stone’s throw from william and kate’s residence, no less — in their 4x4s, to indulge in a little ‘me’ time at the local spa.
zinedine zidane joined in the clamour for the highly-rated midfielder paul pogba by claiming it is 'only logical' that real madrid want him on board at the bernabeu.
philip dodd suffered an electric shock in the royal victoria place shopping centre in tunbridge wells, kent.
the size 42 coat, which is being sold by the former stage manager of new york nightclub danceteria, will go under the hammer at swann auction galleries, where it is hoped a number of basquiat’s most devoted fans will place bids in the hopes of taking the one-of-a-kind piece home.
frustrating: rose preston called 911 because she thought she was having a stroke but because the paramedics were bickering, she did not feel safe in the ambulance and got out
in a televised address the longtime leader, who seized power 20 years ago, denied that it was a coup and claimed the capital was attacked by ‘terrorist groups’ backed by dissidents in the uk, us and germany.
tragedy: newly-wed amber marie bellows when she fell to her death in zion national park, utah, (not pictured) after her parachute failed to open following a base jump on saturday
graduate: miss reilly has been looking for work since she left birmingham university (pictured) and had been volunteering on an unpaid basis
steve hodgson quit his met police post in disgrace after using the expression 'n***** in the woodpile' in front of shocked colleagues
and then, just as we start our descent to the little resort of niyama, in the dhaalu atoll, a 40-minute seaplane flight from the capital malé, two yellow turtles swim sturdily towards a reef.
his words come after a vatican conference proposed relaxing their approach towards homosexuality.
and as for her body, the statuesque six-foot-one model, who flaunts her toned physique in an array of nike sportswear, says that when she is traveling, she brings 'two or three-pound ankle weights and resistance bands' along with her, and favors the privacy of her hotel room over the gym.
upgrade: passengers with economy tickets are allowed on some flights to take part in a blind bid for available business class seats in advance of their flight
luxury: bernard gray, pictured, chief of defence materiel, has spent £23,000 on luxurious hotels in his first ten months in the job.
carlos tevez has rocked juventus by revealing that he wants to leave the club and return to argentina at the end of the season.
workers at the procurator fiscal office in the scottish city spent two weeks investigating what was causing the stench, even enlisting the help of pest control workers and drainage experts.
di maria wears the no 7 shirt at manchester united following his £60million from real madrid last summer
kyle's toyota slammed into an inside retaining wall at high speed late in saturday's race and he was taken to a nearby hospital for treatment 
five years of austerity have pushed the mood further from the right on issues such as public spending, europe, welfare and business, it showed.
joey barton has spent more than two years on his autobiography, rejecting manuscripts from two ghosts
surgeons removed healthy tissue during the operation instead of the tumour which caused a massive brain haemorrhage.
lenise brown and best friend marilyn kruc survived the massive blaze at their copper terrace apartment complex in centennial - just south of denver - but kruc broke her back while jumping from the apartment, and neither woman knew whether she'd be able to stand by her friend's side as she said her vows until the morning of the wedding.
but while many of the maskers who appear in new channel 4 documentary, secrets of the living dolls, say it’s all about having fun; for 70-year-old robert, matters don’t appear quite so simple.
and the russian president demonstrated this last weekend when he stripped to his waist and landed a 21kg pike during a trip to siberia.
spencer matthews appears on the cover of this month's issue of square mile, which spencer describes as 'gq for city boys'
sir iain, who retires this month after six years in charge, also insisted britain's electronic eavesdropping agency did not engage in 'anything remotely resembling mass surveillance'.
transformation: jane fonda and alan rickman as nancy and ronald regan on the set of the butler this week
lukas podolski has indicated his intention to return to arsenal in the summer, having failed to make an impression on a loan spell at inter milan.
the figure includes £7,085 to pay for private carers on top of an estimated £14,237 in unpaid care provided by family members themselves.
a desperate mother has launched a social media campaign, in the fight to keep her son's foot from being amputated, after help was rejected.
once again, the championship is proving to be the league with the most exciting promotion battle in europe and the stakes have never been higher.
kelly mascio, who has been teaching for more than 15 years in mullica township, new jersey, has been suspended with pay since the incident on september 30.
minnesota vikings' star adrian peterson first encounter with his now-dead son came when he visited the dying boy at the hospital, it has been revealed.
former nba star robert swift, estimated to have earned $20 million during his once promising career, has finally left his former seattle home where he had been squatting since it fell into foreclosure last summer.
then and now: dani first began dieting at the age of 10 but only began to see a real change when she discovered weight watchers in 2012
bully pulpit: rep michael grimm, a republican from staten island, was being interviewed by ny1 about the state of the union address when he became angry with the reporter and threatened him
two men, aged 45 and 48, have been charged with his murder and are due to appear before magistrates in sunderland tomorrow, police said.
unfortunately, this was not enough for some of those 80 million female football fans the cosmetic giant claims to be reaching with their nfl partnership, who called on parent company procter & gamble to do more in the wake of the two recent high profile domestic abuse incidents involving star players ray rice and adrian peterson.
thankful: roberts underwent a bone marrow transplant in september 2012 as part of her battle against bone cancer that became headline news and a constant focus of her show good morning america
obama was told by security experts that the country is facing a growing threat from militants, who have already taken control of vast swathes of syria and iraq.
goalkeeper kavan ryan, 13, collapsed on the pitch when a fellow player sliced his leg open as he went in for a tackle with the bladed football boots.
stephanie sanpher died of meningitis in february four days after being taken into hospital following a two-hour delay by ambulance staff
a terrified man who feared he had contracted ebola after returning from an africa trip last night told how an nhs call centre advised him to drive himself to hospital.
the 14-year-old was floored by the single punched and he says he was taunted by the older boy for being gay
chris ashton also scored two tries in saracens' win and is destined to be included in the england squad, along with marland yarde and one or both of the bath pair, anthony watson and semesa rokoduguni.
dashcam footage from inside the vehicle shows adley shepherd hitting miyekko durden-bosley, 23, after she kicked the officer in the head while under arrest.
giant among men: new century global centre in chengdu, southwest china's sichuan province is the world's largest freestanding building
the 25-year-old's competitive debut went to plan as liverpool sealed a 2-1 win over the side who brought him to the premier league in june 2013.
but paxman said such an approach merely 'luxuriated in the horror' of the conflict.
a seven-year-old leukemia survivor from california gave an impassioned speech urging his school district to endorse upcoming legislation in support of vaccination.
honour: shadow defence minister jim murphy has called on the nation to mark armed forces day
russian billionaire roman abramovich has won a three-year battle with planners for permission to upgrade his £100million thames-side home.
more than 3,200 of these have shut in london alone and now builders are buying historic, well-positioned buildings to convert into super-pricey homes.
manchester united were held to a 0-0 draw with cambridge united in the fa cup last friday
caine delacy snapped the breath-taking images of him and his wife mika woyda as they swam off the coast of cabo pulmo, mexico
at 22 feet (6.7 meters) below today's street level, in a pit that is now an underground security and parking complex, work was forced to stop as excavators uncovered the ancient ship
tim sherwood wants to make swindon town midfielder massimo luongo one of his first summer signings at aston villa.
the video – made by production company ballista – has actors play the roles of characters including king george v, tsar nicholas ii of russia and kaiser wilhelm ii of germany.
detroit red wings star and his longtime girlfriend devon englot welcomed a baby girl, rylee (above) on monday
hatem ben arfa and gaston ramirez made a scoring start to life in hull city’s colours during a behind-closed-doors game with west brom on tuesday afternoon.
a racist 22-year-old woman has been fired from her job and reported to the secret service after writing on her facebook page her hopes that president obama is assassinated in his second term in office.
arriving in his typical smooth style, the film star was pictured apparently at the helm of the boat, wearing sunglasses and a tee-shirt advertising his own brand of tequila.
spokesman mike barton said the body of stephen hancock from coal city, illinois, was found on tuesday.
the hackers - known as rats - infect the device with a remote administration tool (rat) that opens up the woman's screen, webcam, files and microphone.
staff prepare to start their shift at the amazon warehouse in peterborough as they get ready for what is predicted to be the online retailer's busiest ever day
closure: stanbridge earls school has announced it will close in december and another school is due to take over the site
daniel sturridge unleashes a shot on his return from injury at anfield for liverpool as they beat west ham
each march, devotees from across thailand travel to the wat bangphra buddist temple to receive 'magic tattoos'
the controversial facebook page that has caused outrage online by asking people to support manhattan nanny yoselyn ortega
us president barack obama admitted he should have expected to be criticized for hitting the links on the same day that he addressed the beheading of american journalist james foley and spoke with his family.
the jfk library foundation in boston released a video friday displaying the text of the letter that kennedy signed and sent to michelle in 1961.
it is the first time a pro-golfer has appeared on a 'fitness and power' issue cover - with past choices embroiling the publication in controversy 
the stunning photographs were taken by amateur photographer nick kleer, 27, on a visit to the shingilana dam in londolozi private game reserve, south africa.
volvo has launched a revolutionary safety device that scans for cyclists and automatically brakes if a collision is imminent.
the dance instructor lost part of her left leg when she and husband adam davis, a captain in the air force, decided to spend april 15, 2013 watching the marathon.
a memo from an internal police inquiry which surfaced earlier this week revealed colleagues expressed concerns about robert bates, 73, when he arrived at the tulsa sheriff's office  
do it at own risk: schools are told they can continue doing the ritual, but that they will be penalised if fights break out
thomas brock, 30, died when he was fatally shot at his home in pasadena, california, after being involved in an argument with another motorist.
trader luis nobre is accused of a 100million euro fraud against an off-shore oil firm
kris commons says he wants celtic’s arch-rivals rangers in the scottish premiership as soon as possible — despite the ibrox club suffering a lamentable 2-2 home draw with alloa on tuesday night.
tout: wolfgang menzel was caught outside the olympic stadium trying to sell tickets to the opening ceremony for more than £1,000
u-turn: prime minister david cameron has signalled a climbdown in plans to cut child benefit for families where one parent earns more than £42, 375
a deep-ocean exploration company is seeking to recover a lucrative haul of gold aboard the shipwreck of the ss central america, nearly 160 years after it sank off the coast of south carolina in a hurricane.
boult was standing on the boundary when west indies' kieron pollard mowed corey anderson into the leg-side.
lillo brancato, who played a mobster in hbo's the sopranos, has landed his first hollywood movie role following his eight-year prison stint for his part in the murder of a cop.
the arsenal midfielder broke a foot in a challenge with liverpool’s daniel agger in england’s win over denmark on march 5.
a grandfather who sawed off his hand while building a wendy house for his two granddaughters has regained near perfect movement in his hand thanks to emergency surgery 
danniella westbrook today sobbed as she described how she was subjected to a horrific 48-hour sex attack by a violent drug gang.
manchester city boss manuel pellegrini has not ruled out making new signings in the january transfer window.
the multicar smash-up that happened just after 5.20pm tuesday at a busy intersection took the lives of irving miranda, 11; his 5-year-old brother jose; their 4-year-old sister stephanie, and the siblings' father, 30-year-old luis miranda
she decided to surprise him by arranging to have the ceremony the hospital in greensboro, north carolina where her father kenneth whitesell, who is suffering from terminal lung cancer, now lives.
like his father ellis can play as a winger or striker and has been with cardiff city's youth squad as well as being capped at various levels by wales up to u17. 
binky says that christmas provides the perfect opportunity to go to town with glitzy party make-up
the device is worn around the waist with the sensor in the small of the back
peter metcalf, 51, spent seven years running the 90-room new kimberley hotel in blackpool, lancashire.
ireland's paul o'connell will lead joe schmidt's side out on saturday to face australia 
this suggests that the world is enveloped by a blanket of hydrogen and helium hundreds of miles thick.
waitrose and tesco have said that they are working on new display methods that will show only the mastheads of some newspapers - keeping explicit content out of the eye line of children.
but mrs phillips, president of the girls’ schools association, warned that extra training courses were not enough and called for more rigorous degrees for would-be teachers.
on monday weston, 24, pleaded guilty to grievous bodily harm and was jailed for six months at bristol crown court.
addict: brian taylor, 45, is addicted to petrol, and breached an order banning him from petrol stations.
it was a fitting place to come together, as his family explained that phillip hughes 'lived for cricket' in a statement read by australian captain michael clarke at a media conference on thursday evening.
argentina's players warmed up for their friendly encounter with a behind closed doors game against west ham's under 21 side
chomyn, 34, was jailed for three months at stoke-on-trent crown court yesterday after admitting to the crime, in which he stole £170 cash.
kevin lewis, both of them, were awarded a $1million prize after the horseshoe casino, in cincinnati, oh, saturday called their name as the winners of a promotion and failed to immediately realize the wrong kevin lewis' life was changed .
bathroom break-ins: residents in a block of flats in sweden have had their homes broken in to, only for the culprit to use their toilet
fewer than one in three commuters on britain's worst performing railways are satisfied with their expensive delayed and overcrowded service (file picture)
rachel makes the point that many tall ranges are now available solely online, and that when you buy on the internet, you can't try things on, you have to pay a delivery charge, and finding tall ranges online can be confusing.
the condo has 6,330 square feet of interior space with five bedrooms and 5½ baths, a library and gallery.
jared cano, 17, had threatened to plant a device at freedom high school in north tampa and discharge it on the first day of school on tuesday.
a state of emergency has been declared in bosnia and herzegovina due to severe floods caused by rain falling for several days
but after reaching a size 8 on top, mrs winmill was left with an apron of drooping flesh on her tummy, which hung down over her underwear.
in fact, he was held for around two weeks as a 'slave' before being released from captivity yesterday, it is understood.
the fashion-entertainments (fes) watch is currently raising money on crowdfunding site makuake, and was said to have been created with help from the japanese tech giant 
the condition, known medically as hypertension, is one of the main causes of stroke and heart disease - britain’s biggest killer.
for as other children open gifts on december 25, lulah will be in hospital receiving a life-saving blood transfusion – her 31st such treatment since being diagnosed with a rare disorder, hereditary spherocytosis, within hours of being born.
di maria was enthusiastic about his visit to the manchester united museum at old trafford and said: 'it was great to visit the museum and learn about the club's history.'
the beleaguered supermarket giant admitted its dna testing had found undeclared meat in five products on its shelves.
van persie was spotted in an alderley edge coffee shop with football pundit robbie savage perusing a luxury car catalogue featuring the chevrolet corvette stingray  given that the american car firm sponsors his team, he unlikely to have to pay for it himself
alex song is refusing to rule out staying at west ham beyond the end of the season 
the good will hunting star passed away on monday and while details of his funeral have not been made public, members of the church have already announced plans to picket the memorial.
they're off: the arsenal squad are on the way to turkey for the champions league qualifier against besiktas
roger penny, 73, bought one of the four giant earthwork rings, known as priddy circles, as a pension investment.
sea bright fire chief volunteer chad murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday.
chris joannides has been expelled from the conservative party for 12 months and is no longer endorsed as a candidate for may's local elections
head coach schmidt has confirmed robbie henshaw and jared payne will fight it out for ireland's no 13 shirt in the upcoming guinness test series.
mrs lawrence said: ‘it took me and my family almost 20 years to get justice for my son stephen when gary dobson and david norris were convicted of the murder in january 2012.
the gaul sank in 1974 during a fierce storm off the coast of norway with the loss of her 36-man crew – but only four bodies were ever found.
the alpine chamois goats now weigh about 25 per cent less than animals of the same age in the 1980s.
american quinn coan had been at a dinner in pembroke college ahead of the vicious attack - which was caught on cctv.
dale steyn ripped through the west indies top order to claim his 25th five-wicket haul in test cricket and give south africa an innings and 220-run victory on the fourth morning of the first test on saturday.
a terrifying new video shows two young men attempting to throw an elderly man off of a moving subway.
the forecasts come at a time of political concern over immigration – responsible for around two thirds of current population increase – and the need for large-scale housing construction.
two of savage's victims had photographs and information taken from their real facebook profiles by ceri shipman (file photo)
the home secretary vented her anger at the business secretary and called on the prime minister to limit the movement of foreign labour.
the lg g watch r was unveiled at the ifa trade show in berlin and has a 1.3-inch diameter touchscreen
trainer ralph beckett will not employ a new stable jockey after deciding his policy of using the best rider available will continue into next season.
the 'spacious' two-bedroom home in tulse hill, which brooks estate agent says it 'could benefit from an upgrade' is on the market for £285,000 and proves that people in the capital will try and get their hands on almost anything, just to get their foot on the property ladder.
one no-nonsense we user has gone back to basics to post a recipe for marmite on toast on the bbc's good food website - sparking a wave of hilarious responses.
five members of a vermont family assaulted police officers during a melee that erupted when security guards at a new hampshire amusement park told them to leave their knives in the car.
this time balotelli didn't let rodgers down as he scored the equaliser with a left foot volley in front of the kop with four minutes to go.
he drank up to five pints of lager there before getting behind the wheel again to visit the nearby red lion pub where he sank another two pints of beer and a vodka lemonade.
the somerset county sheriff's office had been looking for christopher wallace, of fairfield, maine for several weeks in connection with a burglary in january.
23 cavaliers uniform in a regular-season game for the first time in four years, an entire city will be able to wash away a painful past.
the arsenal midfielder is painfully aware that, at the age of 22, he must start to deliver on his enormous potential and put the injury-ravaged start to his career behind him.
manchester city will bump chelsea off the top of the u21 premier league table if they hold onto their lead in the second half.
the norwegian 24-year-old was sentenced to 16 months in prison this week for having sex outside of marriage after she was raped by a co-worker in march during a business trip to dubai.
a new york city woman who decided a guy she met on a flight was the man of her dreams managed to reconnect with him despite forgetting his name thanks to twitter.
they found middle-aged women who ate a mediterranean diet lived longer and were healthier.
lauren guerra has accused the company of negligence after she was struck by a branch while on an open top section of the bus during a chartered halloween trip.
two years after a teenage girl died in an bull riding accident in brandon, florida, her father is suing the rodeo for negligence.
patients with type 2 diabetes should instead make simple lifestyle changes such as exercising and eating healthily.
the mayor of a quebec town has died after being stung more than 15 times by a swarm of wasps while at her summer cabin on sunday.
police vans patrolled the town ahead of the imminent crackdown as a court deadline for migrants to leave the illegal camp known as jungle 2 expired.
first-hand experience: big issue founder john bird was once a former offender who lived on the streets
the 'birthday girl' is shown being constructed: from the building of its shell, to having seats installed ans paint applied; and the video shows the vast team needed to create a plane of this size.
the unfortunately named (or fortunately, depending on where your allegiances lie) 'gerrard's slip' ran in the 3pm at southwell on tuesday and unlike his name would came out on top.
terrible: 9-year-old alex hermann was struck by lightning on august 26 on a soccer field in texas and remains in a semi-vegetative state
he used the bogus identity to blag a £70-a-night room at the duke of york pub at shepton beauchamp, near ilminster, and gavehotel staff an order number so they could claim payment back from the beeb.
liberal pm tony abbott, more staunchly a monarchist than nearly all his predecessors, was snapped with his arm around the midriff of the duke of cambridge at an official engagement in parliament house, canberra on thursday.
topsy turvy: the house is a russian tourist attraction at the vvts the all-russia exhibition center in moscow
clot killer: rivaroxanab is the first in a new generation of anti-clotting pills that can treat pulmonary embolism
this sunday marks 20 years since the guitarist checked out of a london hotel never to be seen again  
kristen nicole sullivan, 27, from broward, florida, will serve three years in prison followed by five years probation after the 13-year-old boy's girlfriend discovered the year-long relationship from a cell phone sullivan purchased him for his 14th birthday.
real madrid forward gareth bale has expressed his desire to stay at the club after rumours circulated that manchester united were lining up a summer move for the welshman.
federer, almost unbeatable in the tournament over the past decade, saw off fourth seed kei nishikori in straight sets to reach the final of a competition he's won six times and been runner-up twice in.
the report, by taiwan's industrial and commercial times, did not reveal the reasons behind the plans, but apple has previously been known to discontinue models as they are replaced by newer versions.
according to one travel firm, uk hotel searches to venice increase by 106 per cent following the actor's star-studded nuptials to british barrister amal alamuddin.
i thought she was meant to be her sister?
usa midfielder jermaine jones and his former miss germanywife sarah wore matching outfits to a private party on tuesday, and thefootballer’s choice of shoes show he continues to sparkle despite his world cupcampaign finishing more than two weeks ago.
this incredible photograph, which appears to show a snake shortly after a human-sized meal, has sparked debate and confusion across the internet
winfrey, who produced and starred in selma, marched hand-in-hand with the film's director, ava duvernay, actor david oyelowo, who portrayed king in the movie, and the rapper common.
medical equipment worth millions of pounds that was used as recently as 2009 is gathering dust at britain's last military hospital.
everton made almost twice as many passes as swansea city during the 0-0 draw at goodison park - 605 to 304.
the ‘smart hat’ is designed for ‘responsible cyclists’ and could include a visor showing safety information and a map, if it ever enters production.
ed miliband was today confronted by a factory worker who warned him working class voters wanted a referendum on europe
burak yilmaz (left) fired turkey into the lead in the 37th minute in their game against holland
a nine-ton block of sandstone found on a utah mountain late last year holds the biggest fossil trove ever found of the giant predatory dinosaur known as utahraptor, researchers have said.
the bayern munich coach does not defer to many in the game, such is the cult following he had grown since turning to management and winning two champions league titles, four league titles, three domestic cups in his first five seasons in his new career.
the research commissioned by sunbeam had neuroscientists do scientific testing on 20 australian couples
the 39-year-old channels her inner rock chick as the star of rimmel's latest beauty shoot to promote scandaleyes rockin’ curves mascara.
the wacky vehicles are the brain child of car lover sudhakar yadav, from hyderabad, india, who has become famous around the world for his quirky vehicles.
the t-shirt carries the headline ‘sinners – the night before’ above the seductive image of a woman in black underwear lying on a bed.
the 22-year-old model has designed her own range of super-cool sneakers for superga, a brand she is already the face of.
nun valdette willeman welcomed the 33 children and 26 women at san pedro sula airport's center for returned migrants.
it boasts the project can offer '360 degree 24/7 surveillance for 30 days at a time' - and revealed the us army has already bought two.
fondly recalling their time serving in the senate together and calling outgoing secretary of defense chuck hagel a 'friend,' obama sought to avoid turning a celebration of the former combat soldier's 30 years of service into a haranguing today
department of education has released the findings of a 10-year study that reveal almost one in four - 22.6 per cent - of 26-year-olds are still living with their parents
the perseid meteor shower reached a peak yesterday with up to 60 shooting stars an hour in the uk.
five years on the market: this october 4, 2009 photo shows visitors touring the pavilion in the back of the modernist home in highland park, illinois, that was featured in the movie ferris bueller's day off
she’s been on a diet – or at least her creator barry humphries has – and the result is dramatic.
the data, taken from a 2014 study by milward brown that surveyed 16 to 44-year-olds, was recently presented at the code conference in california.
after saying it was because she had spent ‘five months nursing her son back to health after being blown up in afghanistan’, lieutenant colonel ron shepherd, the leader of ukip’s north east lincolnshire group, launched an investigation.
joe hart has signed a long-term contract worth £120,000 a week that ties the england goalkeeper to manchester city until 2019.
jailed: ashleigh loder, 25, of devon, wasted at least 100 hours of police time by inventing the assaults
jane leslie was crowned champion in the women's 65 to 69-year-old category at the world triathlon grand final in edmonton, canada.
welch, who now lives in exeter, admitted causing actual bodily harm and was jailed for nine months, suspended for two years, and ordered to pay £1,500 compensation and £1,000 costs.
members of the unnamed tribe emerged from the rainforest in brazil near the peru border and made contact with a settled indigenous community, following 'violent attacks'.
indeed,the couple have said that they have been questioned repeatedly by police investigating the disappearance of their daughter saying, 'you tell them the truth and they say, 'you're holding something back,' and you're not.'
the records, digitised by family history website findmypastcouk, reveal the history of the royal air force in the great war, from the first aerial troops in 1899, through the war and into world war two
giving the first detailed account of miss yeates’s death, mr clegg said tabak had killed the landscape architect when she screamed as he tried to kiss her after being ‘beckoned’ into her home.
however, it is important that we take the right steps now to support our future growth’
when wildlife photographer kathleen reeder visited a lion sanctuary in south africa, she promised herself she wouldn't leave without getting some terrific snaps.
knocked back: top prosecutor, margaret cunneen (above) has failed in her bid halt icac investigating a what she describes as a 'malicious' personal complaint into her private life
he has been working his way back to even with the irs after failing to pay taxes for years.
rafael nadal gritted his teeth, wiped his brow and looked to the sky after  winning on grass for the first time in two years.
david de gea produced save after save in another match-winning performance for manchester united on sunday as their old rivals liverpool were swept aside 3-0.
the japanese national who was killed in a shark attack while surfing near ballina on the new south wales north coast has been named as 41-year-old tadashi nakahara.
clark police chief alan scherb said state troopers spotted 16-year-old kara alongi walking along the new jersey turnpike near interchange 1 in carneys point around 4.30pm tuesday
wilkinson, who turned 35 last month, helped guide toulon to a top 14 and heineken cup double as the mega-rich club defeated saracens and castres in the final two games of his career.
then a close family friend, uncle ted, died of pancreatic cancer.
peeping tom: bradley mccollum, 48 (left), has pleaded guilty to charges of burglary and invasion of personal privacy - both misdemeanors - for videotaping his friend's young daughter, madison reed (right), for four years
ashley marie reed, from louisburg, north carolina, handed herself in to sheriff's deputies in franklin county on tuesday and was charged with concealing and failure to report a death.
tiger woods's mesmeric return to major championship golf was all the more staggering for his previously unthinkable smiles at the crowd.
arrest: thomas lee, who had been on the run for five days after allegedly shooting dead five people including his wife, christie lee (pictured with lee) and her 16-year-old daughter, has been arrested, police have said
he's famous for his love of nature and organic farming and now the prince of wales is set to give the world a glimpse of his eco-friendly ethos in action courtesy of a new book.
adriana's insurance service, inc gave andres carrasco, 73, over $21,000 in coins along with a check, nbc los angeles reported
facebook founder mark zuckerberg is now the 16th richest person in the world after a surge in facebook stock on thursday earned the 30-year-old facebook inc chairman a cool $1.6 billion in a single day, putting his new net worth at $33.3 billion
'the report concludes that three starters on the dolphins offensive line, richie incognito, john jerry and mike pouncey, engaged in a pattern of harassment directed at not only jonathan martin, but also another young dolphins offensive lineman and an assistant trainer,' wells writes in his report.
louis van gaal insists his work at man united during the first three months of his tenure have been 'great'
dave maclean of the centre of geographic sciences in nova scotia has made an interactive space image map (interactive module above).
the snow will begin tonight in new york city and continue through tomorrow afternoon - marking the 13th day this winter that the city has seen at least an inch of snow, accuweather.com meteorologist alyson hoegg told daily mail online
amateur photographer michael potter took the image while photographing the cloud formations above the seaside resort of mount's bay in cornwall.
but the dilapidated house just streets back from sydney's bondi beach and estimated to be worth $2 million is now going under the hammer.
hwang was born in 1924, forced into a glass factory at age 13 and later sent to china for sexual slavery at 16, according to yonhap.
little mayzee jo gaspa's shocking injuries after being attacked by the staffordshire bull terrier in archway, north london
offenders target vulnerable families overseas and pay them to set up live access to children over webcams in exchange for payment, the child exploitation and online protection centre (ceop) has found
holleran posted an image of a sunset over rittenhouse square to her instagram account around 6pm on friday night - just an hour before police say she jumped to her death from a city center building.
roy hodgson has assured jack wilshere he will be in england’s world cup squad even if he does not play again for arsenal this season.
two attackers grabbed the pensioner from behind as he returned to his secluded rural property at 8pm on september 27.
he had gone waist-deep into the sea off aberystwyth, west wales, with one of his sons and other jewish men to perform the ‘mikveh’ ritual, which involves immersing themselves in water for purification.
a horrified villager rescued a young girl who had been buried alive in a cane field after hearing her crying for help.
leonardo ulloa celebrates after giving leicester the lead during the fa cup third round clash with newcastle on saturday
the prayer breakfast, an annual event that obama has attended every year since becoming president, attracted 3,600 people from all 50 states and 130 countries.
lorenzo riggins proved that the customer is not always correct when he called police because his mcdonald's order was shorted by one burger.
jason lee, 38, a former managing director at goldman sachs, was arrested in august 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife in the summer resort town of east hampton.
lindsay kannitha souvannarath, 23, of illinois and randall steven shepherd made a brief appearance in court on charges of conspiracy to commit murder ahead of a preliminary hearing in april.
allegations: going clear: scientology, hollywood & the prison of belief by lawrence wright will be published on january 17
xiao jun was allegedly beaten with a stick by cheng sun who grabbed a meat cleaver and cut off his right hand in the attack in shenyang, liaoning province.
the revered al sharpton appeared on sunday in north charleston and is expected to attend a vigil for walter scott, the black driver who was fatally shot by a white police officer after he fled a traffic stop.
nick mead, owner of tanks a lot ltd driving events company, regularly drives around his sons ashley, 13, and danny, 16, in one of his impressive fleet of more than 120 military vehicles, worth £2million.
a paris-based inventor has designed a portable bike helmet (shown).
a royal commission into child sexual abuse at mangrove yoga ashram on the nsw central coast has heard shishy, who had legal guardianship of children at the retreat in the 1980s, was completely controlled by the spiritual leader swami akhandananda saraswati.
robert kolwicz, 63, had just returned home from the bristol royal infirmary when ross madden knocked on his door and said he needed to search the flat.
berkshire hathaway said it will pay the us consumer goods giant for duracell with $4.7 billion of its own p&g shares
clare hines, who lives in brisbane, was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures
labour of love: istvan puskas, from tiszaros, east of budapest, spent two years building the motorcycle
jumping for joy: students at thurstable school in tiptree, essex, will soon be able to take a two-year course in cheerleading (file photo)
the 2ins long pieces of two chinese boys playing with a dog and a drum were carved out of agate stone and thought to date back to the 19th century.
convicted: married businessman mohammed khubaib, originally from pakistan, had a ‘persistent and almost predatory interest’ in teenage girls 
the white house is apologizing for us soldiers burning of muslim holy books in a pile of garbage at an american military base in afghanistan.
nico rosberg has taken his preparations for the malaysian grand prix to a whole new level after climbing to the top of one of the giant petronas towers in kuala lumpur.
stephen lawrence, who aspired to be an architect, was murdered 20 years ago this year
dennis rodman arrived in north korea on thursday insisting that his visit has nothing to do with the politics of the pariah state, where the uncle of leader kim jong un was brutally executed just last week.
the australian airline said it temporarily grounded one of its a380 superjumbos - made by airbus - after discovering 36 tiny cracks inside its wings during a maintenance inspection.
whitewash: malakai fekitoa helped new zealand to a 3-0 test whitewash against england
the clink, which opened in september 2012, has been rated top on tripadvisor out of 946 restaurants in the capital, after more than 380 satisfied customers left glowing reviews.
the user, known as dan.
final piece: construction workers prepare to install the final steel beam on shanghai central tower on sunday
resilience: alastair cook says he will go down fighting against india
emma hannigan had her breasts and ovaries removed in 2006 to reduce her risk of cancer after she was diagnosed with the faulty brca1 gene
comedian bill cosby was given a standing ovation after a performance in california as part of his comedy tour.
officers from greater manchester police (gmp) launched a probe into a message posted after the former manchester united striker returned to old trafford and scored the winner in the gunners' 2-1 fa cup quarter final victory on monday night.
the former conservative prime minister blasted the 'sheer nastiness' of nigel farage's party and said it was 'anti-everything anti-politics, anti-foreigner, anti-immigrant, anti-aid'
men and women could be given a nasal spray packed with healthy versions of the defective genes that cause the illness.
hairdresser kate cathcart, 24, and sales adviser darren donaghey, 29, from newcastle, took first prize in a local radio's punching above your weight competition after listeners voted them the most mismatched in the looks department.
ann kennedy insists that her 17th century thatched cottage is exactly the same colour today as it was when they bought it 12 years ago
lorne michaels (above with tina fey and jimmy fallon) has revealed that saturday night live may end when he decides to step down
new arrivals from commonwealth countries - including australia, bangladesh, india, pakistan and nigeria - automatically acquire voting rights on arrival in the uk even if they are only staying for a short time.
liverpool manager brendan rodgers has drawn a line under the ongoing debate over whether the club did enough to keep steven gerrard at the club.
despite the fact that julia bridgewater, left, did not start her job at the hospital until two years after graham, husband of margaret harvey, right, died, mrs harvey she ordered a private investigator to follow her
it still clearly rankles with steven naismith that injury saw him miss out on a uefa cup final appearance with rangers in what now seems like another dimension, never mind seven short years ago.
according to ray birch, under-sheriff for routt county, told the new york post that the 58-year-old was found in a parked truck at his home in streamboat springs, colorado where he 'succumbed to a single gunshot wound.'
the manchester united legend also revealed he turned down the chance to appear on celebrity big brother and i'm a celebrity get me out of here.
the teeside tornado took 60m gold for great britain at the european indoor championships in prague
blake lively - who shot to fame in us tv show gossip girl - has been crowned ‘queen of the copycats’ with 42 per cent of uk females admitting they base their own wardrobes on what the 25-year-old beauty wears, while rihanna and her eccentric style came second.
vittorio brumotti fought the wind on the seafront during his challenge before safely completing it
robin sandusky, 31, ordered a kale salad from a guy & gallard store in chelsea, manhattan, but was half-way through eating the order when she spotted the reptile.
a leading neuroscientist has backed an opt-in system for online pornography, saying extreme images may cause long-term harm to children’s brains.
gonzalo higuain gave napoli the lead with a smart finish via the outside his foot after 15 minutes
an inquest into the death of toni haw, from york, heard she died following an overdose of medicine and alcohol that was referenced in the 'very disturbing' publication.
cities like los angeles (pictured) received at least an extra day of smog a year from nitrogen oxide and carbon monoxide from china's export-dependent factories, a report said
while jason is a high-achieving, sporty and confident 11-year-old, his twin aaron has down's syndrome, delayed speech and deafness.
the attack occurred at 7.50am local time in the city of urumqi, the capital of the volatile xinjiang region, and has been described as a 'serious violent terrorist incident' by china's ministry of public security
the vector cupholder is made of a solid aluminum and clamps to tables, desks and trays up to 1.5 inches in thickness
the fight broke out after drunken partying that began on sunday in the el abra prison, which is just outside the city of cochabamba 
special ed teacher gwendolyn fenton is being investigated after calling her students 'maggots' and 'monkeys' in an email
the national tennis centre will no longer be the base for britain's elite players, the lawn tennis association has confirmed.
frankie dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at newbury on saturday centred around a neck success on charlie hills-trained greenham stakes winner muhaarar.
injured: the super puma l2 helicopter hit the water off fitful head at about 6.20pm on friday night, sparking a huge rescue operationthis picture shows a passenger being taken for medical help
claire lennon from berkshire lost her earring when cockerel sarah pecked it off while perched on her shoulder.
the american teen requested the surgery after his penis grew too large, restricting his ability to have sex or play competitive sports.
fcc chairman tom wheeler today pledged to unravel the mystery behind the internet traffic jams bogging down the delivery of netflix videos and other online content.
ryanair predicted that the additional seats would be worth £62,000 per plane a year.
attorney thomas lowe had a six-month relationship with the woman he was representing in a divorce case.
keith boudreau, 42, of quincy was pronounced dead on friday morning following the march 23 attack where he was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on while at home ice sports bar officials said he died from his injuries
anthony watson scores a late try for bath to add a bonus point to an already impressive win
dragons' den star duncan bannatyne had 'ahjeet' - the initials of his six children - tattooed on his left arm while on a family holiday in sydney, australia
rosie, who has designed countless ranges for autograph at m&s, splits time between los angeles and london while maintaining her career and relationship with jason statham
mike ashley's dramatic bid to oust rangers chief executive graham wallace could thwart an initial £16million proposal being tabled by an alliance of potential investors including dave king.
a neighbor, who asked to remain unidentified, said she and her husband called the police after they heard yelling and screaming.
cameron hamilton took a photograph of an arch at rufford abbey country park with his ipod touch, only to spot later it contained a misty white figure.
worried: rivers' daughter melissa has been by her mother's bedside since the beginning of her health crisis 
majid jamali fashi, 24, was hanged at tehran's evin prison after being sentenced to death in august last year
but on christmas eve, temperatures will plummet, leaving some parts of the country covered in snow by morning - albeit a light dusting.
in november a 300-year-old blue and white vase was bought by an unnamed chinese telephone bidder based in hong kong from the same auction house.
vice cream is made with ecuadorian chocolate, plant-based pleasure enhancer lady prelox and thick, creamy british whipping cream.
leeds have been served with a winding-up petition for unpaid fees dating back to when the club was owned by ken bates.
irish comedian andrew maxwell and ufo expert darren perks sneaked past the border at the site  - and were forced to lie on the ground at gunpoint for three hours while the fbi checked their credentials.
sensors at argentina's esperanza base on the northern tip of the antarctic peninsula recorded a temperature of 17.5°c (63.5°f).
the winning punter, who comes from mittagong in southern new south wales, discovered his good fortune on tuesday evening.
hazel lebby, 37, says she was shocked to discover her daughter hannah had twice been denied a lunch and has now threatened to take her child out of the school.
a number of race goers had to ditch the heels after a hard day celebrating at the melbourne cup
zurich success: gemili won gold at the european championships for great britain in the 4x100m relay
unchecked: lanzo has angered the community previously by displaying similar signs criticising the president using racist language
the animals at berlin zoological garden in germany were pictured enjoying christmas trees donated to the zoo by local sellers who had not sold them.
besieged: residents of drew lane in bangor have to clean piles of pigeon poop off their cars each morning to prevent the corrosive droppings damaging the paint jobs on their cars
the warehouse workers from biggleswade, bedfordshire, phoned lottery operator camelot, which confirmed they were one of three ticketholders who would share the advertised £6.2million lotto jackpot
papers on rosetta's comet (pictured) are to be published in the journal science tomorrow.
shocked father jamie roberts, 31, of hednesford, staffordshire, spotted white patches covering pieces of the fruit from a local shop after he put them in a bowl - but assumed this was mould.
going the distance: steve way will represent england in the marathon at the commonwealth games in glasgow
geologist dr danny hilman believes that a site in west java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago.
cleared: sarah and leslie grant were accused of claiming £42,000 of benefits while getting an income from businesses and £50,000 in the bank - but the dwp lost a series of important letters, collapsing the case
he was ordered to strip naked, cover himself in cooking oil before being burned with a travel iron and soldering iron, and also whipped with the buckle end of a belt.
an image of london's £175 million garden pedestrian bridge - complete with avenues lined with trees, flowers and lush greenery - released by thomas heatherwick, the creator of the london 2012 olympic cauldron, is now set to be a reality after it was granted planning permission
he is accused of killing 13 people and wounding more than 30 others in the attack at the texas military base.
the plans for the new technology emerged as the home office unveiled its new security and innovation centre (sidc), where scientists will work on ways to better equip and arm police officers.
juan david ochoa died on thursday at a private clinic in medellin, colombia's second largest city, hospital officials and a cousin said.
grand created trees and cars after patrick mcconlogue offered him a deal: $100 in cash on the spot or daily coding lessons.
a separate study of uk viewing habits, by broadbandchoicescouk, revealed a third of the 2,000 people polled (33 per cent) would rather watch programmes on a tablet, smart-phone or laptop than on a traditional television set
in the end only 11,500 took part in the british medical association's protest over changes to pensions.
beating: video footage of fijian soldiers apparently tormented prisoners has appeared online
writer gregory ferenstein believes he has the answer - 30 seconds of high-intensity exercise such as push-ups whenever he feels drowsy.
as she slept voxie became entangled in the cord which ensnared her neck, cutting off her air supply.
bundesliga giants bayern munich are keen on improving their fanbase in america 
the company is understood to have bid nearly twice as much as sky for the rights to all champions league and europa league games for three years from 2015.
the national museum of american history discovered the recording on a wax disc from 1885, which had been donated to the smithsonian museum.
at the moment, in this euro 2016 qualifying group, england will enjoy a lot of possession, which means wilshere gets to see a lot of the ball.
former teacher stacey dean rambold, was sent to jail for a second time for the rape of a 14-year-old student who later committed suicide
the short film, titled for the open road, features becks and his biker buddies on a journey from the goodwood estate in west sussex to the belstaff flagship on new bond street.
writing just three seven-minute essays a year from someone else¿s perspective can make a difference to married life, according to professor eli finkel of northwestern university, illinois
the tomb is situated in amphipolis region of serres in greece (marked).
the country’s sunday times, a paper with no connection to any british or irish company, used crime scene photographs of the hotel room where mrs mcareavey was killed.
jordan henderson (second right) and chelsea striker diego costa (right) came to blows in the first leg
sir michael wilshaw, chief inspector of schools and children’s services, said saving youngsters from exploitation required ‘political and moral courage’ on the part of local leaders.
the family of shaker aamer, the london father who has been held at guantanamo bay for almost 13 years, said last night that he desperately wants the chance to stand trial for his alleged crimes.
victoria harrison died after an artery was torn during appendix surgery at kettering general hospital in northamptonshire.
kent sprouse, 42, was sent to death row for a 2002 shootout at a ferris, texas, convenience store that killed police officer harry steinfeldt iii (right) andcustomer  pedro moreno, whom sprouse had asked for help repairing his car
the irish cyclists, pictured before the theft took place, were in liverpool to support victims of the hillsborough tragedy
an idaho-based couple has released a censoring app for ios and android.
kali dobson, 25, was next to her new husband, 27-year-old ryan quinton, as he drove the pontiac firebird from their reception at wheeler house in ball ground, georgia on sunday night.
chinese street traders caught on tv selling fresh animal meat, proudly explained that the animals are 'humanely' drowned by being shoved in a bag and thrown in a nearby river.
the improvements allowed more than 1.1 million people to shop for and enroll in insurance on healthcaregov by the end of 2013, far short of original hopesthe deadline for signing up for 2014 health insurance under the affordable care act is march 31, meaning accenture will take over at a time when the government needs the site to handle what it hopes will be a surge of last-minute sign-ups
in 1948, the us government launched several inquiries into ufo sightings, which many believed were sparked by cold war paranoia.
now it seems, he is about to overhaul a number of social dogmas that the church has held for many years.
a video circulated by adot.com begins with homeless people rummaging in bins only to find what appears to be pieces of wire, which they then wrap around the arms, faces and bodies
the white's tree frog spent 10 minutes pulling himself up on the stem and easing down again.
andrew robertson scores for scotland at celtic park during tuesday's 3-1 defeat to england
the court overseeing proceedings against private first class joseph scott pemberton, from new bedford, massachusetts, entered a not guilty plea for him.
scientists analyzed around three billion geo-tagged tweets over a period of two years and plotted the maps, using red dots for iphones and green dots for android.
a third elderly woman with medical issues has come forward to complain of security staff's 'heavy-handed' tactics at an airport after thanksgiving.
although the arm looks rather basic, it has a number of switches and sensors that allow mr sanguino to control it with the movement around his collarbone.
he appeared before the appeal court yesterday where he admitted that he was guilty of drink driving and apologised for his actions.
henry, who has 14 caps for his country, joins on a long-term contract from cypriot first division club apollon limassol for an undisclosed fee.
arturo vidal has been fined £78,400 by juventus and is set to face further disciplinary action for having a night out ahead of their clash against roma on sunday.
grim discovery: chief executive carsten schloter, 49, was found dead in what police are treating as a suicide
ice cream giant ben & jerry's has sued a porn company, saying its x-rated 'ben & cherry's' dvds have smeared its family-friendly reputation.
his work involves painting 4ft by 4ft sheets of aluminium white and taking them into the forest near his home, where he fires up to 3,500 bullets through them.
built by nature lover feng lin, the odd construction has caused outcry from city officials and residents alike.
born to a white british mother and jamaican father, olympic heptathlon champion jessica ennis, 26, was heralded as the unofficial poster girl of the london 2012 games.
thomas morris, 17, was found dead in his home gym in morriston, swansea, with the belt around his neck - after trying to copy the training exercise.
bbc producers decided to add subtitles to barney devlin's interview on countryfile due to his accent 
ex pop star dane bowers has been charged with hitting his ex-fiancee miss wales sophie cahill and will appear in court next month charged with common assault 
toddler rosa simon was playing outside her family home on a quiet cul-de-sac when she was knocked down by a neighbour late on  tuesday afternoon.
shaela evenson (left pregnant and right with her partner marilyn tobin) has filed a lasuit against the montana catholic school that fired her in january for being pregnant and unmarried
promotion party: hamilton rallied back from a 2-0 first leg deficit to beat hibernian 4-3 on penalties
food feud : staff at st peter's college adelaide have taken legal action against the school after they removed school lunch subsidies
furthermore, domestic violence is classed as the leading cause of injury to women in the us - more than car accidents, muggings, and sexual assaults combined
liverpool and arsenal's 2-2 draw was evidence that the premier league is a fading force in european football, according to gary neville.
spurs chairman daniel levy held a meeting to make it clear he has chosen to go in a different direction at the end of the season after what he sees as a failed experiment with his highly-rated academy coach.
mandy crowther, 46, of chorley, lancs, is obsessed with the eastenders actor and already has pictures of  him plastered all over her peugeot 306 cabriolet convertible
last week he sported support bandages on both legs as he got a soaking during a race along a swollen icy stream in the cotswolds.
a 1-0 defeat at stoke on monday night has reopened the debate over his future – not that the subject was ever closed – and leaves the magpies joint bottom of the premier league.
manchester city manager manuel pellegrini has revealed he never feared liverpool would beat his side to the barclays premier league title last season.
more than 26,000 repeat offenders were given a caution or verbal warning instead of being taken before the court, figures from the ministry of justice have revealed.
fernando hierro believes that real madrid can win the champions league for a second successive season
the west ham chairman, who was elevated to the house of lords by david cameron last year, said she had 'no desire to do television' and would walk away from the hit bbc show whenever lord sugar leaves.
when she arrived at the family home at 5pm on april 16 2010, goodluck was sleeping in his cot in the living room but was transferred onto a low table in the living room.
dean smith, from scottsdale, arizona, made a video for his girlfriend jennifer kessel that showed the 365 days he asked for her hand in marriage.
paris’ top cop got more than he bargained for when he recently visited a tourist hot spot to see the french capital’s notorious ‘bracelet scammers’ at work.
sir bradley wiggins will only ride in the team pursuit at the commonwealth games as he bids to become britain’s most decorated olympian in rio de janeiro in 2016.
elizabeth thomas, 17, was murdered by her boyfriend in oxted, surrey
this genius automated beer dispenser is quite the draw in the all nippon airways alliance gold lounge at japan's kansai international airport (kix) 
booker has used tales about the tough-talking t-bone - whom he claims once threatened his life - to counter critics' claims that he's out of touch with the plight of the poor in new jersey 
once a rare species, brush turkeys have made a remarkably bold comeback with their population increasing 700 per cent in the last 20 years in brisbane, queensland, alone.
archaeologists and environmental scientists from the university of bradford, university of leeds, university college cork and queen’s university belfast have shown that the changes in climate that scientists believed to coincide with the population fall, in fact occurred at least two generations later.
chris okamoto, a freediver who was spearfishing off the santa barbara, california, coast, came face-to-face with an angry sea lion 
hamzah khan's father, aftab, told police a year before the toddler's death that his son was being neglected.
bomb disposal experts were called to blow up one device which was still live on mappleton beach in humberside.
the city boss says if his team can get through the group they still have a chance of winning the competition
the 20-year-old soldier was kidnapped when insurgents with rocket-propelled grenades and small arms ambushed his fuel convoy near baghdad in 2004.
linda pearson, 62, feared her huge size 38 frame would get trapped in the tub.
drugs death: daniel spargo-mabbs, 16, of croydon, south london, died on monday afternoon after allegedly taking ecstasy at an illegal rave in hayes
friends: carl bovard, 43, is the owner of single vision, a non-profit, wild animal educational facility he opened nine years ago.
police launched an urgent search for man haron monis's partner on the day of the sydney siege after her mother reported her missing.
thanks to years of mismanaging personal and company funds, the prominent civil rights activist and his businesses currently owe a staggering $4.5million in state and federal tax liens, the new york times reports
joey barton has branded mario balotelli 'the biggest myth in world football' after the liverpool's striker's display in the capital one cup on tuesday.
motorists are being urged to carry at least two of the single-use breathalysers so that if they have checked themselves with one they can still show police they have a ready-to-use kit if stopped.
waking michael schumacher from his artificially-induced coma could plunge him into a natural one, a top german professor has warned.
body paint artist trina merry spent around nine hours painstakingly painting the 17 naked models and forming them into a living, breathing temple.
controversial toronto mayor rob ford said his oscar-weekend trip to hollywood was intended to raise money for his local film industry, even though the city's film commissioner has denied all knowledge.
the pair joined the duchess of cambridge, who looked elegant in a cream ruffled suit by alexander mcqueen and a £755 bespoke jane taylor hat, and other members of the royal family including prince harry and the queen, for the event, which was attended by just 22 people.
police identified the man, who is at the centre of a murder-suicide investigation in salem, oregon, involving five family members, as 27-year-old nikolai lazukin.
mrs turner spends up to 18 hours a day feeding her two identical boys, james and joshua, and two identical girls, emily and lauren – one of only four sets of double boy-girl twins in the world.
when asked about the moment bauman looked down and saw that his legs had been blown off below the knee, the27-year-old recalled just feeling 'sad that someone would actually do that' 
ms gilder, who forced the girl to take cocaine before bringing her into manchester's red light area, was freed last month after serving just two and a half years of her sentence.
sacrifice: portland police dog mick was killed early wednesday in a shootout while protecting his human partner, officer jeff dorn, both pictured above
christian thomas, also known as buddy backpacker, started the 2,180 mile trail, which stretches from maine to georgia, on april 27.
speaking on lbc radio, the london mayor said: 'many people now no longer get their news, many young people in particular, no longer get their news from tv.
former columbus police chief angelo vegas is accused of accepting $2,000 a month from the juarez cartel in exchange for helping them smuggle drugs and guns
damage: jessica sawyer left her bentley at the car wash but returned to find it in this state
flying the flag: holland captain robin van persie is one of 42 premier league star still in brazil
the attack on the plane - from which the pilot ejected - happened in a border region where syrian rebels have been battling president bashar al-assad's forces
slovak michal polacek came up with the idea for the small roadside accommodation, complete with giant images and neon lights on the outside, for a programme called project gregory.
arsenal boss arsene wenger wants to keep hold of inter milan target lukas podolski
ernest and anneke robinson welcomed matthew to the world in 1988 and due to a lack of oxygen he was blind and paralyzed from the neck down and couldn't speak more than a few words
explorer: jared maillet, 21, from maine, us, was trying to complete the welsh 3000 challenge where people have to reach the top of all 15 mountains over 3000ft in wales within the space of 24 hours
she teamed the coat with a brown hat and brown suede boots.
'we predict that gravity can leak into extra dimensions, and if it does, then miniature black holes can be produced at the lhc' 
james craig anderson, a a car plant worker, who was killed after being run over in a hotel parking lot by a truck that dedmon was driving 
brendan rodgers' in-form reds survived a first-half fright at swansea on monday night before emerging 1-0 winners to cut the gap on fourth-placed united to two points.
the world number 1 tennis star made the astonishing indictment in an interview with rolling stone magazine, which was posted online on tuesday.
mennonite abraham friesen-remple was expected to be released later in the day after a judge sentenced him to time served as part of a plea deal he made in october.
not so long ago, jams, pickles and sauces were simply stored in the kitchen cupboard.
manchester city have asked to be kept informed on developments with marco reus at borussia dortmund 
an international team of physicists from the university of massachusetts amherst has detect neutrinos created in the sun's core (illustrated) for the first time.
developed on the cryengine 3, crysis 3 is visually stunning on the aging consoles, drawing every last drop of power from them.
police believe the man, later identified as amir bey, could have been attempting ‘suicide by cop,’ and was described by a police commissioner as mentally unstable.
shrewd: a four storey house bought by tony and cherie blair, right, for their son euan, left with new wife suzanne ashman, for £1.29million is now on the market for £2.35million just three years later
a star is born: kevin pietersen has signed for the melbourne stars in australia's big bash league
independent analysts said edf customers will be paying an extra £52 a year, taking the average annual dual fuel bill up to £1,384.
arsenal boss arsene wenger insists the fighting instincts shared by alexis sanchez and luis suarez were honed on the streets of south america.
a legal stoush between two of australia's most popular social media personalities is over after the parties settled outside court.
the arsenal midfielder opened the goalscoring just before half-time to set wales on their way to victory
eliaquim mangala has spoken of the difficulty he had staying fit while waiting for his £31.9million move to manchester city to go through
while his wife told the mail she is defiantly refusing to give up hope that david haines will be rescued, close friends of the couple said his fate has been sealed by the uk's refusal to negotiate with terrorists.
'soldier's soldier': cpl michael thacker, 27, was killed on friday in helmand province
jorelys rivera was being looked after by a teenage babysitter when she disappeared
louis walsh's change of heart to send carolynne poole packing instead of rival rylan clarke in the  opening live show of the series on october 7 prompted 1,345 angry viewers to complain to ofcom.
at the time wood said he had put martial arts training from when he was a teenager into good use to fend off his attackers.
last year the fund said the chancellor’s cuts in public spending were acting as a ‘drag on growth’ – adding that the uk was a long way from recovery.
lidia pankiv, 24, said she had been one of the protesters out on the streets campaigning against corruption and demanding a change the day she met police officer andrei.
the glum looking pair, pictured while on holiday in budapest, hungary, walked with heads down and with less than warm body language.
the panel was told dr pandya occasionally performed operations at the regency clinic, but despite his significant surgical experience, had not practised gynaecology since 1994.
the court heard maher's life unravelled when the disgruntled ex-wife of his son, lee king, contacted us
peter wanless, chief executive of the nspcc, has called for all child abuse images to be removed from the internet in five years to ensure online child sexual exploitation does not come an acceptable part of society
the spear was discovered on the island of bolshoy lyakhovsky, off the north coast of siberia and is the first tool from this era found so far north.
the claims come from conservative mp stephen barclay, who says figures he has obtained show 39 doctors have removed themselves from the medical register in the past three years rather than face a disciplinary hearing.
children staying there are taught in small groups and the therapy program lasts, on average, eight to ten months.
set for its north american release next week, the $899 tablet computer will boot up with just 23gb of usable space, while its 128gb big brother will actually only have 83gb free.
for decades scientists believed that dinosaurs were cold blooded.
the tv chef hopes to intervene to stop a trade agreement between the european united and us
five children have died in a devastating fire that tore through a house in northern france.
