Marine Amir Hekmati has been convicted in Iran by a secret court of "practical collaboration with the U.S. government" and sentenced to 10 years in prison, his sister told CNN on Friday.
The sixth defendant, Agron Abdullahu, pleaded guilty in October to a reduced charge of providing firearms to illegal aliens and received a sentence of 20 months in prison and three years of supervised release.
Mali was plunged into chaos in March after a military ruler overthrew the president, shaking one of West Africa's most stable democracies.
According to Mesquita's Nielsen BookScan Travel Publishing Yearbook, sales of printed world travel guides have declined by over 40% in the last seven years.
Guests will sit at round tables for 10, with the floral arrangements intended to pay homage to the state bird of India, the Indian peacock, and the dinner featuring a seasonal menu reflecting American and Indian flavors, according to the White House.
A gunman shot him in the face two days ago while he was seated in a black Ford Mustang in front of a bar in his hometown of Bayamon, Puerto Rico.
His family is now weighing whether to remove him from life support.
A southpaw, Camacho fought professionally for more than 25 years and last stepped into the ring in 2010.
He had a career record of 79 wins, six losses and three draws.
Earlier Tuesday, an Israeli official with knowledge of the communications between the Israeli military and the vessel said the ship's captain had agreed to change course and go to Egypt instead.
The museum was scheduled to open on the 11th anniversary of the September 11, 2001, terror attacks.
Federal investigators are urging collectors and museums in the United States to scrutinize their stock for stolen antiquities, particular those acquired from a New York dealer accused this week of stealing $20 million worth artifacts from India.
Federal investigators are urging collectors and museums in the United States to scrutinize their stock for stolen antiquities, particular those acquired from a New York dealer accused this week of stealing $20 million worth artifacts from India.
The items are believed to have been looted from temples in the Tamil Nadu region of India, according to a Thursday statement from the U.S.
Hobson is the 12th GOP House member to announce retirement ahead of the 2008 elections, when the Republican Party will be seeking to reclaim the congressional majorities it lost to Democrats in 2006.
The attack halted oil production, and crews worked to fix the line, which links the Masila oilfield to port the port town of Shihr.
Yemen crude oil exports are the mainstay of the impoverished country's economy, and halts in production pose a serious threat to stability.
Acevedo is accused of strangling 30-year-old Pamela Pemberton on October, 24, 1994, and leaving her body in a vacant lot, according to the indictment and authorities.
Scientists at Ohio's Cleveland Clinic are touting a new prototype vaccine to prevent breast cancer as "promising."
The scientists said a single vaccination was shown to prevent breast cancer tumors from forming in mice, and also stymied the growth of existing tumors.
Different districts in Japanese cities have varying training regimen for geisha, but typically, as in Kyoto, exams are taken after the first year as an apprentice, with four additional years of training.h
Barring unforeseen political reversals, Li (whose name is pronounced Lee Kuh-cheeyahng) is expected to become the Chinese premier in March next year, succeeding Wen Jiabao.
Uranium enriched to 93.5% is considered weapons-grade.
O'Neal was arrested on charges of bringing narcotics to a jail facility and possessing a controlled substance, Whitmore said.
It was not clear whether O'Neal posted bail, which was set at $25,000.
Juan Wilfredo Soto died in a hospital on Sunday in the central city of Santa Clara.
The Arnaldo Milian Hospital said he had died of pancreatitis.
Dugard was just 11 years old when she was abducted in 1991 from the street in front of her South Lake Tahoe, California, home.
kidnapping victim Jaycee Dugard, who gave birth to two children during her 18 years in captivity, said she did what she had to do to survive.
Jones, presents the question of whether law enforcement needs a warrant before planting a GPS tracking device on a person's car.
The episode was made famous again this year by the release of the hit movie "Argo," loosely based on the real-life drama.
Z-Tov sells the 8GB iPhone for about 2,600 NIS, or about U.S.
Apple has yet to make its presence official in Israel.
Regions across the Peruvian and Bolivian Andes have traditional fighting festivals and ceremonies as an outlet for this type of mountain-born aggression.
Police said they are not ready to call Kyron Horman's disappearance a criminal investigation yet, while the boy's parents have indicated they will release a statement to the public sometime Wednesday.
Rich Behm, 33, was one of three Cowboys staffers seriously hurt when the storm struck their practice facility Saturday afternoon.
Behm's spinal cord was severed by a fractured vertebrae, paralyzing him from the waist down, the team said in a written statement.
"The association suggested that the risk of stroke in a neighborhood increased by 1 percent for every fast-food restaurant," the authors wrote in a poster presented at the American Stroke Association's International Stroke Conference.
On April 6, 2007, I woke up in the morning in a pool of blood.
I realized that we need to redefine success so that it's not just about money and power.
Mount Erebus, the second tallest volcano in Antarctica and the most active Southerly volcano in the world, is home to an active lava lake that sends puffs of steam into sub-frigid air.
The U.S. and its NATO allies could also have prevented much bloodshed by using air power to target the Assad regime's military apparatus.
The deadliest tornado year on record is 1925, which had 794 deaths, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
To deal with the problem, a number of African countries have banned imports of second-hand clothes in recent years as part of efforts aimed at protecting their national textiles industries.
The Census Bureau has released its tally of Hispanics in 33 states.
(CNN) -- Three aid workers have been shot over the last day in Somalia, two of them fatally, Somali media reports said.
It was not clear who shot or posted the 39-second video, who the people pictured in it were, or where it was shot.
Nurburgring was confirmed Thursday as the venue for the 2013 German Grand Prix after reaching a deal with F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone.
CCTV footage of the incident, which happened in Perth, Western Australia in 2008, showed an unarmed aboriginal man lying on the ground surrounded by police officers after reportedly refusing a strip search.
Taser guns emit an electrical current which temporarily immobilizes the victim by disrupting voluntary control of muscles.
Nine people have been taken to the hospital, a spokeswoman for Sunnmore police district told CNN.
More than 140 flights have been canceled since Friday at Changel International Airport in the provincial capital of Fuzhou, and high-speed train services have also been suspended, authorities said.
Toxicology results from the autopsy, conducted Tuesday, will not be available for several weeks, according to a police statement.
OK, that's not really true, but it's funny, which is the point of Lowe's Twitter persona, @GayAtHomeDad: to use humor to normalize the concept of gay parenting and show mainstream America that "gay is OK."
Urdangarin was granted the title of Duke of Palma when he married Princess Cristina, King Juan Carlos' youngest daughter, in 1997.
The World Health Organization said Monday that 120 health care workers have died in the Ebola outbreak, and twice that number have been infected.
Massachusetts law requires a special election for Kennedy's seat to be held within 160 days.
Roma moved up to sixth place in the Serie A table after a 1-0 victory in the Rome 'derby' against city rivals Lazio.
In Sunday's other matches, Jonathan Biabiany scored twice as Parma drew 2-2 away to Genoa to keep hold of fourth in the table.
There were a number of people killed in this area; locals said that while they were prepared for high winds and heavy rain, they were not expecting this sheer volume of water.
Deric Walpole, one of the defense attorneys Jeffs had fired earlier in trial, represented him Friday as the penalty phase of the trial continued.
The organization, which facilitates global cooperation among police agencies, said its Web site logged 30 times more visitors than in an average day after it made its plea for the public's help Tuesday.
According to a new CNN/ORC International poll released Monday, only 11% of Americans approve of how Congress is handling its job .
Scientists believe it slithered around the planet between 58 and 60 million years ago.
Knox, 24, need not remain in Italy pending a possible appeal by the prosecution.
"Two people were briefly detained, but it was revealed no crime had been committed," Medera said.
Manchester City misfit Robinho made a winning second debut for Santos as he scored the decisive goal in a 2-1 victory against Brazilian rivals Sao Paulo on Sunday.
He came off the bench 12 minutes into the second half at Sao Paulo's Morumbi ground, and netted the winner with just five minutes to play with a clever backheel at the near post from Wesley's cross.
Some carriers have already revealed prices for data plans for these phones, at a cost significantly less than what smartphone users typically pay per month.
"It's just a branding so you can say if this brand is good or bad.
The last reported homicide was February 1, Super Bowl Sunday, in Upper Manhattan, police said.
More than 350 questions were submitted to CNN iReport from students, parents and avid travelers.
The Saturday, July 20 panel will debut an exclusive new trailer for "Catching Fire" and new footage from "I, Frankenstein."
(CNN) -- Didier Drogba scored twice as Chelsea re-established a five point lead at the top of the English Premier League with a 3-0 win over Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
(CNN) -- Didier Drogba scored twice as Chelsea re-established a five point lead at the top of the English Premier League with a 3-0 win over Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Co-starring Josh Gad ("1600 Penn," "The Book of Mormon") as business partner Steve Wozniak, the film focuses on Jobs' celebrated role in pioneering the personal computer.
CDC has not identified what food or foods might be causing this outbreak.
Wayne Coldiron and Leonard Patrick Gonzalez Jr. are facing murder charges in the Thursday night shooting deaths of Byrd and Melanie Billings, said Sheriff David Morgan of Escambia County.
Clashes between protesters and police were reported by witnesses.
At least 286 people were hospitalized from the salmonella Saintpaul strain, which began in April, and it may have contributed to two deaths, Tauxe said.
Last week, two Egyptian police officers were injured during an attack near Cairo, when an improvised explosive device detonated at a traffic security checkpoint, according to Egynews.
CAMP VICTORY, Iraq -- Stephen Colbert left no doubt about his solidarity with American troops when he taped the first of four Comedy Central shows he'll produce in Iraq this week.
The Sunday show will be televised on the Comedy Central network Monday night.
There is a lot of damage, and we are unable to respond to all of the calls," a dispatcher for the Aiken County Sheriff's Department said.
Under New Jersey laws, Godinez would become eligible for parole after serving 216 years in prison, the prosecutor's office said.
Godinez was charged along with five other defendants currently awaiting trial in the August 4, 2007, murders of Terrance Aeriel, Dashon Harvey, and Iofemi Hightower behind the Mt.
"I am sure the FBI knows by now that I have nothing to do with the terrible act in Boston," Khadjimuradov said in the statement.
We should be taxing the act of spending, not the socially beneficial ones of work and savings.
Hamas says the park is in a civilian area, but our crew did see several charred and mangled metal cases that looked like destroyed rocket batteries.
The mothers in the study averaged about 400 calories more per day than other women.
For the mothers, less exercise and less-healthy diets added up to a higher BMI, a ratio of height to weight used to estimate body fat.
An employee at London's Heathrow Airport has been given a police warning after allegedly making a lewd remark about a female colleague as she stood in a full body scanner by mistake.
Fargo city officials estimated that as many as 10,000 volunteers have come forward since Sunday to aid in a sandbagging effort that's taken over North Dakota State University's central arena, the Fargodome, and to help build levees along the now closely watched Red River.
The franchise's creator recently told the New York Post's Page Six that he hasn't watched the teaser for next year's "Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens," which makes him the only one on the planet.
The girl's 18-year-old stepbrother has since been charged with three felony sexual abuse counts.
York has pleaded not guilty to the charges.
By law, U.S.-based commercial airlines must carry automatic external defibrillators, oxygen and medical kits.
The death of a passenger last week aboard an American Airlines flight underscores the importance of taking precautions before flying, a travel health industry representative said Monday.
The trip is intended to deepen the military relationship between the United States and China -- a relationship that suffered a setback last year when Beijing objected to Washington's sale of defensive weapons to Taiwan.
More than 600,000 coffeemakers are being voluntarily recalled in the United States and Canada due to an apparent brewing malfunction that can release a gusher of steaming water and grounds.
Several studies from a research team based at Harvard University and the University of California, San Diego. have documented how family and friends can "spread" obesity, drinking, smoking, and even happiness.
Murray is charged with involuntary manslaughter in Jackson's death, which the Los Angeles County coroner ruled was from an overdose of propofol, a powerful anesthesia used to put surgical patients to sleep.
But Rose had the last word, posting a screen shot of what appeared to be Kardashian liking a post of a leaked nude photo of Rose.
Write your answers in the space provided.
The procedure is called deep brain stimulation (DBS), where small electrodes are implanted into the brain to stimulate affected regions in patients with movement disorders such as Parkinson's disease or tremors.
There hasn't been a new class of TB drugs developed in 40 years, Because it is mainly a disease of poverty, there hasn't really been a commercial market for new drugs, Spigelman noted.
A hearing in the case is set for July 4, Ghirga said.
Neither the pilot nor the skydiver were seriously injured when they fell about 75 feet, according to the Polk County Sheriff's Office.
It was not immediately clear whether the gruesome discoveries are connected to the case of Luka Rocco Magnotta, the Canadian porn actor accused of killing and dismembering a man and mailing body parts to politicians.
"We ask that passengers follow the instructions of international security and flight crews," the TSA said.
An official with the TSA told CNN that along with increased security at airports, screening likely will take longer.
There will be no changes in screening requirements and no change in the number of carry-on bags allowed.
British forces launched a similar offensive in the province in late June.
The forces are trying to gain and hold ground in the perilous region ahead of national elections this August.
Authorities have launched a criminal investigation based on charges of violating transport and fire safety rules, the investigative committee said.
The justices will meet privately Friday for a closed-door conference to decide if they will accept any of 10 pending appeals, essentially over whether a fundamental constitutional right for gays and lesbians to marry exists.
The split 5-4 conservative-liberal bench has the option of ruling broadly or narrowly-- perhaps taking a series of incremental cases over a period years, building political momentum and public confidence in the process.
Lane lived with his grandparents and was slow to open up about his personal life, according to friends.
A banker caught looking at photos of a semi-nude model on live TV will remain an employee of the Sydney-based Macquarie Private Wealth, the firm said Friday.
The protests have proven to be an attraction for some visitors.
Compared with other entertainment industries, Hollywood pay packets are significantly less.
Goalkeeper Mohamed Saqr was the hero as Al Sadd became the first Qatari football club to win the Asian Champions League title on Saturday.
The event features 40 films that show how Latinos have been depicted on the big screen and is part of the network's "Race and Hollywood" series.
The spike reverses a steady decline in the number of suicides since the end of last year, when the government launched a national public awareness campaign.
Japan was struck by a devastating earthquake and tsunami on March 11, and continues to grapple with a nuclear meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant.
The video is the latest in a series of professionally produced videos aimed at stirring or shocking people into action.
Miss South Africa Rolene Strauss was crowned Miss World on Sunday in a competition in London.
An incredible nine players shared the lead after the opening round of the PGA Tour's Northern Trust Open in Los Angeles on Thursday.
Each side blames the other for the violence, which first broke out last week near two temples in the Phanom Dong Rak district of Thailand's Surin province.
Backup quarterback Tim Tebow was released by the New England Patriots on Saturday after failing to make the final roster for the new season.
Cambridge asks applicants: "What would you do if you were a magpie?"
The four areas will be connected by a spring and lakefront.
It's been a year since the Occupy Wall Street movement sprang up.
If the pressing concerns of the 99% are not addressed, don't be surprised if new incarnations of the Occupy movement emerge in the near future.
Many nonprofits look up to Livestrong as a success model, especially for its social media campaigns, thanks in part to Armstrong's hands-off leadership, Palmer said.
Write your answers in the space provided.
Girls are encouraged to compete against each other to become the "hottest, coolest, most famous bimbo in the whole world."
WPVI reports that police found Forriest's prosthetic leg on a subway train about midnight Monday.
The Peace Officers Research Association of California, which opposed the bill, argued: "Restricting the authority of a peace officer to search an arrestee unduly restricts their ability to apply the law, fight crime, discover evidence valuable to an investigation and protect the citizens of California."
Pope John Paul II was a step closer to sainthood Saturday after Pope Benedict XVI signed a decree recognizing the late pontiff's "heroic virtues" and declaring him "venerable," the Vatican said.
Marine believed responsible for the stabbing death of his wife in North Carolina along with a deadly shooting spree some 1,300 miles away in Texas had no known ties to the Lone Star State, authorities there said Wednesday.
Experts have yet to evaluate the wealth uncovered in the ongoing exploration that has sparked a debate in India whether the haul can be put to public use in a country where a quarter of its billion-plus population still lives on less than a dollar a day.
As of July, Mexican trucks had made fewer than 100 long-haul trips into the United States.
Disagreement over a recent city plan to open a parking garage on the Sabbath has led to ongoing and sometimes violent protests by ultra-Orthodox Jews.
Nearly one in 10 U.S. adults get news from Twitter, and they tend to be younger, more educated and more mobile than news consumers overall, says a new report.
There are lots of times where I feel depressed or lonely or misunderstood and different.
"Every day is a work day for her, so every day is a work day for the rest of us," she said, according to court documents.
The United States banned nuclear trade with India after India exploded a nuclear device in 1974 and refused to sign the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty.
Both chilling and somber, the memorial will take visitors back to the day the twin towers of the World Trade Center were felled by hijacked jet planes on a clear September morning nearly 13 years ago.
The museum will open to the public May 21.
The Patz case was the first of several high-profile cases that catapulted concern about missing children to the forefront of national consciousness.
CNN could not independently authenticate bin Laden as the speaker in the 11-minute video posted on Sunday by As-Sahab Media -- al Qaeda's production company.
Kashmir has been in the throes of a violent separatist campaign for nearly two decades during which authorities say 43,000 people have been killed.
One of Xi's most applauded moves since he became the Communist Party chief has been an intensified fight against corruption, a lightning rod for mass discontent across the country.
China has certainly flexed its military muscles since Xi took control, sending its only aircraft carrier for a month-long training mission late last year in the South China Sea, where it is also locked in territorial disputes with several neighboring countries.
"The Cold War has been over for a long time," Obama said during opening remarks at the summit Saturday.
Lee Joon Seok defended his order to delay the evacuation of his sinking ferry, CNN affiliate YTN reported early Saturday.
He was sentenced to two years in prison for the involuntary manslaughter conviction, but was released last year because of a California law that allowed him to reduce his sentence to nearly a year.
This case has been controversial in California's Bay Area community for years.
Prices for the suite range between $1,300 and $2,600 depending on which package you buy, with upgrades priced between $500 and $1,500.
Indeed, heat stroke is the leading cause of non-crash vehicle deaths for children under the age of 14, the safety agency said.
The program meets several young rappers - from Casablanca to Tangiers - to hear some of the sounds of Morocco's urban rage.
Lakewood is about 70 miles south of New York City.
Moyes has never won a major trophy with Everton after more than a decade in the English top flight, but has consistently produced competitive teams on a tight budget.
South Korean shop owners are launching a nationwide boycott of Japanese products over a territorial dispute between the two countries.
The 1995 bombing of the state capital's federal building left 168 dead.
Former Deputy Manuel Ramos was charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter.
Ahmed's resignation is the latest turn in the political crisis in Somalia, which is already struggling with an Islamist revolt, a refugee crisis and rampant lawlessness that has fueled a wave of piracy off the Horn of Africa.
"12 Years a Slave" and "American Hustle" follow close behind with 10 nominations each.
Sporadic heavy artillery barrages and machine gun fire could be heard early Sunday on the outskirts of the southeastern Ukrainian city of Mariupol, raising questions about the viability of a ceasefire between the Ukrainian government and pro-Russian separatists.
In his guilty plea in July, Dykstra specifically admitted he committed bankruptcy fraud by lying about whether he had taken and sold items from his $18 million Sherwood mansion after creditors seized the property.
"I had never in my life seen such a disaster as I had in New Orleans," Prepas says.
But a study by the American Pet Products Association notes that feline veterinary visits have declined in recent years.
The authenticity of the tape could not immediately be verified, and the person in the video appeared sometime before the May 1 event.
Mars has been nominated for 14 Grammys and has sold over 115 million singles.
"The Pepsi Super Bowl halftime show is the most-watched musical event of the year," the NFL news release said.
Britain's Environment Agency warned water levels could rise further to a "critical level" and issued nine severe flood warnings across the country.
Since then, the Ecuadorean government has spent some $280 million revamping the national railway.
When Morgan asked the hotel heiress about people's misconceptions, she replied, "Just having the last name Hilton, people assume that everything was handed to me and I've never had to work a day in my life.
The Republican-dominated House approved the measure late Thursday night , saying it will help prevent voter fraud.
In the past two years, at least 11 states have approved laws requiring voters to show identification at voting booths.
(CNN) -- France's World Cup squad boycotted training on Sunday in protest at the decision to send home star striker Nicolas Anelka.
The 25-year-old had claimed that the fees charged by Horizon were excessive, while simultaneously being accused of breaching his contract and owing outstanding fees.
The bus and a car collided near Washington's Tidal Basin just off the National Mall where the ceremony was held, according to Park Police, who have jurisdiction over the Mall.
Conde Nast purchased the site in October 2006, putting Reddit under the same corporate master as Wired.com.
However, the medical examiner is withholding the official cause of death for Philip Markoff pending further tests, prosecutors said.
Farage is currently a member of the European Parliament.
Participants were given M&M's, a sweet dough butter cookie and dried fruit.
It's accessible by boat or seaplane from points in Michigan and Minnesota.
Both candidates are pro-Europe at a time when the European Union is facing a debt crisis that could threaten the bloc's common currency, the euro.
After the coup, free market economic policies were pursued with vigor, inspired by the theories of Nobel Prize-winning economist Milton Friedman and others.
"We are not endorsing these groups at all," said the official.
"I see a Mexico that is taking its rightful place in the world," he said.
Home favorite Roger Federer is through to the second round of the Swiss Indoors tournament in Basel after a straight sets victory over Italian Potito Starace on Monday.
The vaquita (Spanish for "little cow"), a small porpoise that lives only in the uppermost Gulf of California, Mexico, is the most endangered of the 128 marine mammals alive today.
Pojaman Shinawatra, 51, and Thaksin went into exile in July, after a court sentenced her to three years imprisonment for tax evasion.
Using various pseudonyms on Twitter and on blogs, Cassidy published more than 8,000 tweets and posts about Zeoli often wishing death upon her.
Hui, 66, is the highest-ranking former official to be tried in Hong Kong.
Two of the survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking upon arriving in Sicily, according to Italian police officer Maria Guia Federico.
Set in a Victorian mansion, the damaged and rebuilt Hôtel Florita evokes a century-old vibe, with its period furniture and balconies in the rooms.
Massive evacuation efforts helped limit the number of casualties, officials said.
King Mohammed VI has ordered that the mosque be rebuilt as soon as possible and that its original architecture be preserved, it said.
If e-books encourage people to read more, that's good for public libraries -- which have a core mission to foster literacy and community engagement with information, culture and civic life.
One World Symphony's artistic director and conductor Sung Jin Hong has confirmed that he's working on composing "Breaking Bad â€” Ozymandias," a mini-opera based on both the show itself and the Percy Bysshe Shelley's sonnet (titled "Ozymandias").
"When I first heard the songs I cried they was so beautiful," she says.
Scientists say Lyuba, which means "love" in Russian, died after 32 days of life, drowning in river mud in present-day Siberia.
"He rewrote the history of the entertainment industry in his time," Bragman said.
Cassidy, 63, was given breath and field sobriety tests after he failed to dim his car's headlights at a police checkpoint, according to the police report.
The former star of the TV series "The Partridge Family" was released on $2,500 bail and ordered to appear in court on September 6, the police report said.
The tubers mimic the way the human body responds to electronic signals, so engineers at Boeing's Test & Evaluation Laboratory used the spud-filled plane to try out the new methods without requiring hundreds of people to sit in the aircraft.
"Songs in the Key of Life: An All-Star Grammy Salute" aired Monday on CBS, and some of music's biggest stars turned it up and out for the legendary Stevie Wonder.
Tread designs are tested for traction in "virtual reality" before they are molded into the rubber.
The future financial support from Adelson is something Romney and his allies would like to see and have sought.
The operation, which took place over the last week in more than 100 cities, involved nearly 400 law enforcement agencies, authorities said Monday.
The likeness of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs may appear on a commemorative U.S. postage stamp in 2015, only four years after his death.
Jobs' name appeared on a list of approved postage-stamp subjects obtained by The Washington Post.
The transitional authorities, which took power in the West African nation after military commanders overthrew the previous government in April, said they believed the attempt to seize control of the barracks on Saturday night was led by people loyal to the former prime minister Carlos Gomes Jr.
Coups and coup attempts have taken place repeatedly in Guinea-Bissau since it won independence from Portugal in 1974.
Before the small plane's windows frosted, fighter pilots tracking the plane could see a pilot slumped over, a NORAD official said.
In the eurozone, only Greece, which is facing a sixth year of recession, has a greater proportion of young people out of work.
If convicted, Badu could be fined $500, police said.
"The only thing I knew how to do up there was talk on the radio," White told WINK.
So-called "green on blue" attacks killed dozens of coalition troops in 2012, prompting the U.S. command in Kabul to stop some joint operations with Afghan security forces.
That incident happened 20 years ago, but the welcome announcement last week by Feld Entertainment -- parent company to Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus -- that it plans to retire elephants from its circuses by 2018 is a reminder of how that controversy lingers.
"It would not be someone's hair but something in someone's hair," she said.
Domestic violence is the most common cause of injury to women ages 15 to 44, according to the National Institutes of Health.
Calling a domestic violence hot line is a good first step for anyone who is experiencing abuse, Dimer said.
Among the passengers were relatives of the late former governor of Ondo state, Olusegun Agagu, who were accompanying his body on the flight, Nigerian state-run TV broadcaster NTA reported.
Elsewhere, last year's double world champions Red Bull have announced a sponsorship deal with luxury carmaker Infiniti.
Transportation Minister Jorge Luis Sierra Cruz was fired due to "errors in the performance of duties," state media reported.
Sugar Minister Luis Manuel Avila Gonzalez was fired after requesting his release because of admitted shortcomings in his own performance, according to an official statement published Tuesday in the country's state-run newspaper.
The former New England Patriots player has pleaded not guilty in the death of Lloyd, 27.
(CNN)Amber Vinson says she followed all the rules when caring for an Ebola patient.
Turkish businessmen fear the move could dramatically affect trade between the two neighbors.
The defendants haven't seen their relatives since they were arrested in early April, a friend of Gu's family said last week.
They are taking part in a six-month program organized by the South Korean government to train some of the brightest code-breaking minds to become the nation's first line of defense in the war against cyber crime.
According to the Korea Information Technology Research Institute (KITRI), the "Best of the Best" program is designed to train computer experts to defend against domestic and foreign cyber attacks.
South Korea investigated the incident and says a North Korean mini-sub fired torpedoes at the Cheonan naval ship and killed 46 people.
To this day, the Gullah/Geechee people are trying to hold steadfastly to the way of life of their African ancestors, passing on their traditions from one generation to the next.
The first swap is expected to take place early this week.
A collection of some of Syria's most powerful rebel brigades have rejected a Western-backed opposition group that announced the creation of an interim government in exile this month.
But moderate opposition groups appear to have suffered a series of setbacks this month as hard-line jihadi groups have pushed to grab more territory and resources.
Cash-strapped secular Syrian activists have been warning of the rise of Islamist groups in opposition-controlled parts of Syria.
His doctor has given him only a 50% chance of survival, spokesman Ahn Ho-yeol said.
Some senators said they would like to tie elements of the "Gang of Six" proposal to the McConnell-Reid measure as a way to salvage the group's work and to keep open the possibility of deeper reductions in the debt.
The massive donut-like structure at its core will be 10 stories -- five above ground and five underground -- integrating airport facilities, with retail and leisure outlets.
"But most importantly, it is the bottom-up activism that puts pressure on the government to make changes."
A blogger who endured a four-year stint in an Egyptian prison for his writings has been released, saying he was jailed for defying convention.
The former law student at Cairo's Al-Azhar University is a critic of conservative Muslims and has accused his school of promoting extremist ideas, calling Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak a "dictator," it said.
ISIS actually justified its enslavement of Yazidis in its own online magazine.
Best Bright: AnnaLynne McCord In Miami, the "90210" star opted for a hot pink two-piece paired with multiple bracelets, necklaces and simple black shades.
Prettiest Pattern: Kate Bosworth Bosworth first found fame in the 2002 surf flick "Blue Crush," so it's no surprise she'd make our top ten.
Bree (Marcia Cross): She was on trial for allegedly killing Gaby's (Eva Longoria) abusive stepfather Alejandro, which Carlos (Antonio Chavira) had actually done.
Susan (Teri Hatcher): She was waiting for the right moment to tell the ladies she'd be the first one to leave Wisteria Lane so she could help daughter Julie (Andrea Bowen) raise her baby.
(EW.com) -- Warner Bros. has just announced that "The Hobbit" earned an estimated $13 million from midnight showings at 3,100 locations last night, giving it a per-theater average of $4,193 from midnight shows alone.
Included in "The Hobbit's" midnight figure is $1.6 million earned from 326 IMAX theaters.
"She popped into my head every time I got back to the bench," said former teammate Emma Wadsworth.
He was arrested Sunday and is being held at the Hamilton County Jail in Indiana on $22,500 bond, said Lt.
More than 2 million people have died of AIDS this year -- including 330,000 children.
Bush is asking Congress for an additional $15 billion to continue and expand the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, a program approved by Congress after he announced it in his 2003 State of the Union address.
During his trial, prosecutors said Chen embezzled 600 million New Taiwan dollars (U.S.
A newly published Apple patent describes how Apple could add a teeny speaker dome to the clip on the iPod shuffle or iPod nano.
CEO Tim Cook said iPod is a "large and important product" for the company at Apple's 2011 iPhone event.
The "budget conference" is the 29-person House and Senate conference committee tasked with hashing out basic budget parameters, including total spending for the next two years.
Personal thoughts about the leaders aside, a lack of confidence in the process has moved into higher gear this week.
Jordan is now home to more than 1.3 million Syrian refugees, half absorbed during the last 24 months.
(Rolling Stone) -- The Rolling Stones blend past and present on "Doom and Gloom," their first new song together in seven years.
These meteors are called "Orionids" because they come out of the constellation Orion.
Malawi means "flames of fire" in the local language -- a term that partly refers to the country's stunning sunsets.
Of the 15 million people that call the country home, 85% live in rural areas.
The FBI in Birmingham had no immediate comment.
A British man accused of orchestrating his wife's murder by hit men while they were honeymooning in South Africa has lost a High Court appeal to block his extradition there until he is fit to stand trial.
Ebola symptoms typically appear eight to 10 days after infection.
SeaWorld has called the lawsuit a baseless publicity stunt by PETA, which is known for provocative advertisements and public demonstrations on behalf of animal rights.
U.S. officials have refused to release the spy's name, but sources inside the government and out tell CNN his name is Rolando Sarraff Trujillo.
He was released along with Alan Gross, an American subcontractor held for five years, in exchange for three convicted Cuban spies.
Kanye, meanwhile, has taken to Twitter to sing Wu Tang Clan's praises.
Kirk will not seek the open seat in January's special election, Patrick said, "but for the next few months, he will carry on the work and the focus of Sen.
Just two months later it launched iSymphonic, the world's first massage chair synchronized to music, voted "Invention of the Year" by Time magazine.
In January 2007 it launched uPilot, a designer massage chair featuring ROBO-Stic technology for extensive personal massage control.
Listed in the Singapore Stock Exchange, Osim operates an international point-of-sales network of over 1,100 outlets in more than 360 cities in over 28 countries in Asia, Australia, Africa, Middle East, United Kingdom and North America.
Last but not least, it was good times when Will Ferrell wished Conan a happy birthday on "Late Night," complete with a fake fart, green booty shorts and a Leprechaun dance?
The country was plunged into political instability in January after thousands of people took to the streets to protest rising food prices and what they perceived as autocratic behavior by Ravalomanana.
"The images that were projected draw a terrible link between the party and an ideology that we reject," party Vice President Florian Philippot said Monday.
"These kinds of actions are not only illegal but immoral by all standards and should never be tolerated or condoned in a civilized society," Mutua said.
The attack was captured on video and prompted outrage on social media under the hashtag #mydressmychoice.
For almost three weeks, North Waziristan, a mountainous region bordering Afghanistan, was pummeled by a series of air strikes before ground troops moved in.
In recent years, states across the country have struggled to maintain a supply of lethal injection drugs as manufacturers either stopped producing the drugs or barred their use in executions.
The World Bank cut China's economic growth forecast in 2009 to 6.5 percent Wednesday, down a full percentage point from November's projection.
China has seen a sharp decline in demand for its exports since November as other major economies have struggled.
The company's factory became operational earlier this year, producing four different kinds of products: baby diapers, paper towels, napkins and toilet paper.
Unveiled last week, the 2015 Michelin guide to Hong Kong and Macau awards 75 restaurants with its coveted stars -- 64 in Hong Kong and 11 in Macau.
About 41 million Americans will travel at least 50 miles from home around the holiday, according to AAA auto club.
Now that President-elect Obama is preparing to take office, I was interested to hear he is reading about President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's first 100 days in office.
Some vacation spots are exclusively for the 18-and-older set, while others simply have fewer children present because most children are attending school.
Northup's memoir, "12 Years a Slave," was turned into a movie that won the best picture Oscar at this year's Academy Awards on Sunday.
He's also an Islamist figure who has argued for barring women from the Egyptian presidency and called Israeli leaders "vampires" and "killers."
London (CNN)Captive Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko has sent a stark message to Russian President Vladimir Putin as she awaits trial in a Moscow jail.
A two-lane bowling alley was installed in the White House in 1947 as a birthday gift to President Truman.
Hicks, McMillan is designing for women who blur the line between masculine and feminine, who gravitate toward styles traditionally associated with men: flat shoes with wide lasts, unembellished blouses and button-up shirts, unstructured sweaters and blazers, jeans and pants lacking unnecessary studs, embroidery or whiskering.
A warning of more attacks on UK bankers was made on Wednesday after the home of former Royal Bank of Scotland boss Fred Goodwin was vandalized.
And last month British police warned that officers were preparing for a "summer of rage" as protests mount across Europe against the economic crisis.
Over the short course of a 12-song set backed by his all-male band, White stuck mostly to his new material with high-energy takes on "Sixteen Saltines" and "Hypocritical Kiss," plus four White Stripes songs; he sprinted to the piano for a new version of "Dead Leaves and the Dirty Ground" and strapped on his Telecaster for an epic "Ball and Biscuit."
Former French national coach Raymond Domenech is suing the French Football Federation (FFF) for unfair dismissal, demanding 2.9 million euros after his sacked in the wake of France's disastrous World Cup campaign.
On Monday, Pentagon spokesman George Little warned against connecting the ship deployment to recent tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
Orman hasn't said which party he would caucus with in the Senate, but he's indicated that his success can get Kansas a sweet deal, whichever side he decides to bat for.
Even as Gaga's fame continued to grow, Saniewska kept those early photos to herself "out of respect," she said, particularly because she wasn't in touch with her.
Saniewska hopes that those viewing the photos will get to see another side of Gaga, a peek at who the star was before the world knew her name.
Several nations have indicated they will not attend the ceremony in Norway.
In November, Iran and six world powers reached an interim deal under which Iran agreed to limit its nuclear program in exchange for an easing of economic sanctions.
"I do not know what they were looking for," Shafiee said.
As of Friday afternoon Gaga had more than 33,198,000 followers -- some 46,000 more than Bieber, who was close behind at 33,152,000.
The carefully coiffed li'l crooner will become Twitter's first new king or queen (er, prince?) since Lady Gaga dethroned Britney Spears in August 2010 -- way back when 5 million followers was a big deal.
There is reason for every Chinese person to be unhappy," Ma Zhaoxu, spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said at a news briefing.
Roughly 2% of genomes of non-Africans today come from the Neanderthal species, according to Nature.
"Requests were also turned down for U.S. troops to block the mountain paths leading to sanctuary a few miles away in Pakistan," it continued.
Henry Waxman says the State Department is covering up "an epidemic of corruption" in Iraq.
And at the tender age of 23, Taylor Swift received the CMA's prestigious Pinnacle Award for achieving global success and recognition unique to country music.
"This is very unique because these guys are over there, and they are with the pro-Syria forces and pro-Hezbollah forces," said Steven Stalinksy, executive director of the institute.
Sullenberger was the pilot in command during the flight, which lost power in both engines after hitting a flock of Canada geese.
"There's an easier way to get things done around here," Obama (played by Jay Pharoah) tells a bewildered schoolboy visiting the Capitol.
Turkish authorities reopened Gezi Park in Istanbul on Monday for the first time since a crackdown on protesters last month and soon closed it again, pushing demonstrators to the streets.
But desertification is not limited to China and it is fast becoming a serious global problem that will only be exacerbated by climate change.
60 - Percent of sales received at the Spirit Halloween seasonal store for the President Barack Obama mask.
40 - Percent of sales received at the Spirit Halloween season store for the Mitt Romney mask.
59 - Percent of votes President Barack Obama had received in the 7-11 contest as of October 31.
Over the past 15 years, Turkey has adopted several progressive pieces of legislation to protect women, including a 1998 Protection Order against Domestic Violence.
While such situations are rare, the puzzling disappearance of the Malaysian jetliner is not the first time a plane has vanished without a trace.
Ringtones seem to have become vital fashion statements, a way for people to showcase their personalities and even their feelings about who is calling.
"I just think the history of Vegas PR is to ignore the bad issues," he said.
Hossack returned to the band when they reunited in 1987 and was a mainstay of the group through the next two decades, performing on most of the group's tours until he took a health leave in 2010.
In five years, Hanson has donated more than $350,000 from the sale of his paintings to more than 50 charities, most of them devoted to children's health.
"My goal for the future is to raise a million dollars for charity," he said.
They are accused of killing Bobby Maurice Tillman, 18, at a house party in metro Atlanta early Sunday.
Authorities are still working to verify the paperwork from the parents of the remaining child, a 9-year-old girl, SOS Children's Village said.
Thursday's vote is only the second direct election since the authoritarian regime of Suharto fell in 1998, in the wake of the Asian financial crisis.
Negotiators had been scrambling to reach a deal on Iran's nuclear program before a Monday night deadline.
Hardliners in Iran have insisted that significant sanctions be lifted right away as a sign of good faith from the P5+1 countries.
The Cuban government has called for a prisoner swap: Gross for three imprisoned Cuban intelligence agents serving lengthy federal prison sentences in the United States.
With almost 700 miles of coastline, and smack in the tropical zone, the state of Bahia is loaded with sleepy fishing villages and spectacular beaches.
Disaster seems to be averted for now, but the debt ceiling crisis is yet another unintended consequence of money printing by the Fed, which is allowing the U.S. government to take on ever increasing piles of debt at absurdly low interest rates.
Four residents and two police officers were killed and 20 others injured when a suicide bomber struck 10 minutes later, Rauf said.
To cap a superb week for the 26-year-old, she extends her overall World Cup lead to 192 points over Maria Riesch of Germany and is well-placed to retain the title.
Check out more great travel tips and destinations at Five To Go
She was an avid fan of comedian Jon Stewart, and she rooted for the Cleveland Indians.
Britain and the Netherlands came up with more than $5 billion to bail out savers in their own countries who lost money in the failure of Icesave -- an online retail bank branch of Landsbanki.
Taylor Mitchell, 19, was at the beginning of the Skyline Trail in Cape Breton Highlands National Park on Tuesday afternoon when she was attacked, according to Chip Bird, the Parks Canada field unit superintendent for Cape Breton.
Mitchell was recently nominated for Young Performer of the Year honors by Canadian Folk Music Awards.
Zahra, a freckle-faced youngster, lost her leg to bone cancer at age 5 and developed lung cancer a few years later, according to CNN affiliate WCNC.
Hernandez, a former New England Patriots tight end, is charged in connection with the slaying of his friend, Odin Lloyd, 27.
The former football star has been in police custody since he was arrested on June 26.
Though uttered in typical self-deprecating jest, the mayor of the world's greatest city proclaiming that London is a mere province of the United Arab Emirates is revealing about how Dubai's fortunes have revived since the punishing real estate crash and debt restructuring following the financial crisis.
(Mashable) -- Facebook has just announced a new mobile application designed specifically for feature phones.
The app gives users a better, almost smartphone-like Facebook experience that includes simple homescreen navigation, contact syncing and fast scrolling of updates and photos.
Users will be able to use the Facebook app without incurring data charges.
Aguilera, 30, remains under contract for the second season of the singing competition, which is set to premiere next February 5 in a key scheduling slot following the Super Bowl.
Cee Lo Green, Adam Levine and Blake Shelton will continue to work alongside Aguilera in the coaching chairs.
Pakistan's Foreign Office summoned the high commissioner of India, Sharat Sabharwal, to its offices to protest the killing of one of its soldiers on the Pakistani side of the border known as the Line of Control.
Perhaps Chinese workers deserve our interest and respect instead of our pity.
The FBI has created a small group of agents and analysts to examine new threats and leads over the summer, a bureau official told CNN.
That was the sentiment of many "Vampire Diaries" fans on Tuesday after star Nina Dobrev announced she will be leaving the CW show at the end of this season.
Fuller left Habitat for Humanity in 2005 amid a dispute with the organization's board.
Korean Air was established as a private airline in March 1969.
With a fleet of 124 aircraft, Korean Air is one of the world's top 20 airlines, and operates almost 400 passenger flights per day to 115 cities in 37 countries.
It is a founding member of SkyTeam, the global airlines alliance partnering Aeroflot, AeroMexico, Air France, Alitalia, CSA Czech Airlines, China Southern Airlines, Continental Airlines, Delta Air Lines, KLM and Northwest Airlines.
His laser lighting has been used at the original Studio 54, on CBS, in print advertising for Macy's and Revlon, on Broadway, for book and magazine covers, and a number of music videos, including a starring role in one by "Flock of Seagulls" which landed him the first on-air credit in a video on MTV.
Resorting to humor -- even in traffic court -- is fraught with risk, but seems a particularly unwise idea at the outset of a murder case in which the defense must counter the appearance of casual and callous indifference on Zimmerman's part.
A 19-year-old Detroit woman who was shot and killed on the front porch of a Michigan home had a blood alcohol level nearly three times the legal limit for drivers in the state, according to a toxicology report released Thursday.
"We still feel that Robert Champion was murdered," he said, but "the prosecutor is limited as to what he can charge."
The Gulf of Aden, off northern Somalia, has the highest risk of piracy in the world.
Grupo Mexicana suspended operations at its three airlines Saturday "until further notice," citing the financial problems inherited when the group changed owners a week ago.
Talabani, 75, has been president since April 2005.
The tribesmen are part of a small force fighting al Qaeda-affiliated militants in Abyan province
In one of the attacks, a suicide bomber approached a group of fighters, shook hands and sat with them before detonating explosives, tribal fighters said.
It is a time to wrest back control of the trouble spot on the volatile border with Israel and Gaza and get Egyptians back to work, and the economy growing again.
The disease has killed 67 people this year in Brazil's Rio de Janeiro state, the state's ministry of health reported.
President Obama is about to send up to 300 military advisers to Iraq in an attempt to stabilize a situation that is rapidly disintegrating.
But history shows that mission creep can also happen quite quickly, and the President could easily find himself forced to send more troops than he expected into the quagmire of Iraq.
The United States imports billions of dollars in Chinese products each year, while China is a major purchaser of the U.S.
She has written issues for Marvel Comics' "Dark Wolverine" and "Astonishing X-Men" series, for which she was nominated for a GLAAD Media Award for outstanding media images of the LGBT community last year.
If your smart cover hails from early 2011, try taking it back to the Apple store; Booth says he's hearing from users that the store will exchange old smart covers for new ones.
"The CIA should not be doing traditional military activities and operations," Brennan said at his confirmation hearing.
Iselle has already delivered 11 inches of rain on the Big Island, according to Mike Cantin with the National Weather Service.
"A variety of studies show that even relatively brief experiences in nature can enhance feelings of energy and vitality," said Dr.
About 10 million people are at risk of starvation as the Horn of Africa region faces the worst drought in 60 years, according to the United Nations.
About 10 million people are at risk of starvation as the Horn of Africa region faces the worst drought in 60 years, according to the United Nations.
Television cameras showed Henry guiding the ball with his hand twice, before William Gallas scored from his resulting cross to give "Les Bleus" a narrow win in the two-legged World Cup play-off against the Republic of Ireland.
Between 1969 and 1973, they filmed more than 500 reels of Super 8.
Her first TV show -- "My Little Margie" -- set the sitcom stage with Lucille Ball and other female stars in the 1950s, said Skip E.
District Court Judge Royce Lamberth sentenced Blackwater sniper Nicholas Slatten to a term of life in prison, mandatory for his first-degree murder conviction.
"We were told that city dwellers never move their limbs and could not distinguish different crops," says Hu, now 58.
The T-39N took off from Pensacola Naval Air Station in Florida, about 400 miles south of Morganton, Bergen said.
The gunman, who turned the gun on himself, and the wife and child of a sheriff's deputy were among those killed.
The number of states submitting the information also grew, from 23 before the Virginia Tech tragedy to 32 after it.
The majority of the new records came from California authorities, who submitted more than 200,000 entries, the Justice Department said.
"It is our policy not to comment on rumor or speculation," said Michael Lampe, a Wyeth representative.
Pfizer was not immediately available for comment.
The garden has grown to include 11 intertwined train sets, divided into summer and winter scenes.
The mistake appears to be one of many in Apple's new mobile maps, which replaced Google Maps as the default map application in iOS 6, the new operating system for iPhones, iPads and iPod Touches.
When the waters of Superstorm Sandy surged, they engulfed 80% of her inventory in 4 feet of water.
Cambodia has declared Thursday a national day of mourning for those who died Monday in the crush at the annual Water Festival in the capital city of Phnom Penh, the news agency AKP reported.
Authorities have not said whether Mercado's death was a homicide or a suicide.
An FBI complaint cites numerous social media messages dating back to August 2013 that were sent by Keonna Thomas, 30, also known as "Young Lioness" and "Fatayat Al Khilafah."
The half-hour show will be set in Las Vegas and taped in front of a live studio audience.
"Pawn Stars" has been a staple on the network since it launched in 2009, ranking as the History's most popular show and as cable's third most-popular unscripted series.
Israel's ambassador was given the warning after it was learned that three Australian passports were used by members of an alleged assassination crew connected to the recent slaying of a Hamas leader in a Dubai hotel room, Australia's Foreign Minister Stephen Smith said Thursday.
Al-Mabhouh was found dead in his hotel room January 20.
About 150 nationalist youths fired shots and threw petrol bombs and a pipe bomb at officers.
According to the Investment Grade Scotch index that is compiled by UK-based Whisky Highland, the top 100 whiskies appreciated by an average of 440% in the last six years.
"It is outrageous to try to delegitimize a state for receiving a petition of asylum," Correa said.
In the next few days, a caretaker government will be put in place to oversee the country through its next elections scheduled for May.
The last lunar eclipse to happen on the day of the winter solstice was in 1638.
(Financial Times) -- Foreign auditing firms will have to appoint a Chinese national as their chief partner in China as part of a sweeping overhaul of the country's accounting industry.
"I think it's a little over the top to have him in custody on this misdemeanor when everybody saw the bodyguard's trial and which was nothing more than a bloody nose," Brown lawyer Mark Geragos told reporters in Washington earlier Wednesday.
"I heard five to six shots and hit the floor," Johnson said, "I was hiding under a clothing rack and people were yelling that we were being taken hostage."
Chastain's latest vehicle, "Mama," crushed the competition over the three-day weekend with a whopping $28.1 million.
Chastain's other entry, "Zero Dark Thirty," fell only 28 percent in its sophomore weekend of wide release to $17.6 million, which brought the Osama Bin Laden huntdown's total to $55.9 million.
"Silver Linings Playbook" performed very nicely in its nationwide expansion.
"They have ripped everything I have," her mother, Lisa Chambers, told CNN affiliate WMC.
Guests will sit at round tables for 10, with the floral arrangements intended to pay homage to the state bird of India, the Indian peacock, and the dinner featuring a seasonal menu reflecting American and Indian flavors, according to the White House.
The South African Police Service pulled Hilton Botha from the case Thursday after prosecutors reinstated attempted murder charges against him.
COPD includes emphysema and chronic bronchitis and is often, but not always, caused by smoking.
"We tried to save him, but we couldn't get in," Ito said.
The second season premiere of "Beverly Hills" is still on track for September 5, with the show re-edited in wake of Armstrong's death.
Australian David Saker has been appointed England fast bowling coach, the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) announced on Thursday.
Join CNN's African Start-Up team along with special guests Juliana Rotich, Erik Hersman and Rebecca Enonchong for an exclusive Twitter debate on: How to take your tech startup to the next level.
The attorney tried more than 300 cases in 21 states, his family said, before retiring from his litigation practice in 2009 to focus full-time on his mediation and arbitration practice.
This flimsy vanity project cruelly exposes the Material Girl's limitations.
Despite these absurdities, "W.E." is nicely packaged and photographed.
Andrea Riseborough miraculously makes Wallis Simpson more interesting than this hagiography allows, especially when she starts to regret her great conquest as the trappings of wealth turn claustrophobic.
The White House had lifted a veto threat against the bill after legislators made changes in language involving detainees.
Miller moved to Virginia with the child in 2003, and a Vermont court granted Jenkins visitation rights.
The footage was shown at the British Film Institute's annual "Missing Believed Wiped" event at the National Film Theatre in London hosted by actor Mark Gatiss.
Broadcasters started to record TV programs for transmission in the late 1950s, but because videotape was so expensive, they were wiped clean for reuse afterwards.
Two goals from striker Javier Hernandez helped Manchester United go four points clear at the top of the English Premier League on Saturday after a 4-0 win at Wigan Athletic.
I hope that, going forward, Americans will keep in mind that the men and women who served in Iraq did so honorably and nobly and that they and their families sacrificed greatly for our nation.
The average time paid by the manufacturer to track down and repair these annoying gremlins is about a half hour, but most times it actually takes a lot longer than that to identify and make the necessary repair.
Squeaks & rattles (S/R) usually occur as a result of either two parts rubbing together or as a result of some part that is not quite secure, resulting in a squeak under load.
The final category of the most popular vibration complaint is Drivetrain vibration, which come from the transmission, axles, differentials, transfer cases and all affiliated components.
The naturalization ceremony will take place Tuesday afternoon in a federal courtroom in Brownsville, Texas, according to the Department of Homeland Security's Citizenship and Immigration Services.
It then adopted a rule that required clinics funded by the program to certify they do not perform abortions or are not affiliates of entities that perform abortions.
Earlier, world number one Tiger Woods was forced to withdraw during the final round with a back injury.
The unnamed juror "would like to talk about the experience of serving on a grand jury, the evidence presented and the investigation in a way that could contribute to the public dialogue concerning race relations," but is barred from doing so by state law that requires secrecy about grand jury deliberations, the ACLU said in a statement.
The justices without comment turned aside Charles Hood's challenge of his conviction.
Various state courts have rejected the assertion the affair cost Hood a fair trial.
Civil rights organizations also came out in support of Manning as a hero of free speech.
About 30 people were attending the party at the time of the shooting, but the roller rink was not open to the public, police said.
With more than 99% of votes counted, the incumbent Rousseff had 51.59% of the vote, according to official results.
The election was one of the tightest competitions in recent years.
The 'Ototo' from London start-up Dentaku is a pocket-sized synthesizer that can turn any everyday object - from vegetables to furniture - into an instrument if the two are connected with simple cables.
Tamaulipas is one of Mexico's most active states when it comes to drug trafficking.
The demonstration was staged in a government-controlled area of the city and was guarded by government forces, according to Yusuf Mohamed, who works for Shabelle Radio in Mogadishu.
"To be nominated to this post is both astonishing and exciting," he said, adding that it is a time for "optimism and for faith in the church" as it faces tough issues.
California voters on Tuesday appear to have approved Proposition 8, a measure banning same-sex marriage in the state.
"Everyone grieves differently," said Kristi Cooper, a family life field specialist at Iowa State University.
The show that began its run on the Fox owned and operated stations and then moved to the network will return for its 25th season later this year on Lifetime.
(In May, Fox canceled the show as a weekly Saturday series because the show was no longer profitable but it will still air quarterly specials -- the first of which will bow in October.)
The show that began its run on the Fox owned and operated stations and then moved to the network will return for its 25th season later this year on Lifetime.
He was from the same village as Hamza Ali al-Khateeb, 13.
The company received two reports of children who sucked the whistles into their mouths and coughed out pieces.
It's asking customers to "immediately take the whistle away from children."
An off-duty emergency worker pulls a woman from a van after it crashes into an icy pond.
Although Auckland police have yet to confirm the nature of the allegation, the Press Association reports that an incident is said to have taken place early Sunday in a private hotel room at the city's Hilton hotel following the team's defeat to New Zealand's All Blacks.
She and a male co-defendant were convicted of murder in the New Year's Day 2003 death of Julian Brandon, a retired minister near Shreveport.
Holmes' attorneys said she functions like a 10- to 12-year-old.
Police are no longer looking for a woman in connection with a fatal shooting and crash that left three people dead on the Las Vegas Strip.
In the first three months of 2009, it helped as many families as it did in all of 2008.
Republicans in Congress have begun their most forceful push yet in urging President Barack Obama to begin a military campaign into Syria to defeat the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.
Japan may withdraw the last of its military mission in Iraq by the end of the year, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Thursday.
The Japanese Navy continues to take part in refueling missions in support of the U.S.-led coalition in and around Afghanistan.
He would face up to 20 years in prison if found guilty.
Both vessels, HMS Vanguard and Le Triomphant, were armed with nuclear warheads and suffered damage but were able to return to port under their own power following the collision.
Bryon Vassey of the Southport Police Department was given until noon Wednesday to surrender.
The chief of morticians admitted receiving fetuses from several clinics, Kumsai said.
Temples in Thailand typically have morticians who prepare bodies for cremation.
England winger Theo Walcott scored twice as Arsenal fight back from going two goals behind to sensationally thrash north London rivals Tottenham 5-2, a result that lifts Arsene Wenger's side back into fourth place in the Premier League table.
The incident continues an ongoing feud between conservation agencies and Japanese whaling fleets.
A Japanese Fisheries Agency statement blamed the conservation group for the incident.
Adams is a prominent Catholic politician who helped broker peace in Northern Ireland and who has long been associated with the IRA, once considered the armed wing of Sinn Fein.
Non-citizens are three times more likely to be uninsured than U.S.-born residents, according to the Kaiser Commission on Medicaid and the Uninsured.
The relationship between Obama and Netanyahu has been one of the more strained in the history of the two nations.
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio.
(CNN) -- Holders Brazil needed a last-gasp equalizer from Fred to salvage a 2-2 draw against Paraguay in their Copa America Group B match Saturday in Cordoba.
The video was posted on YouTube and police say they learned about it from a tipster.
As a result, Greenwell and the Romeros were arrested February 21 and charged with aggravated kidnapping, Dupre said.
The plane, a Boeing 737-800, has only been in use by Lion Air since March, Sirait said.
To see the live webcast, go to Facebook Live on September 8 and Oprah will answer questions shared by visitors to the Facebook Live event wall.
In the first recording, an unidentified officer talks to Slager about what might happen.
The second audio, taken from dash cam video from inside a patrol car, captures a phone call between Slager and someone CNN believes is his wife.
Police officers have been kneeling in front of a makeshift memorial overflowing with flowers and miniature flags, and vowed to honor the slain officers and the uniform they deeply cherished.
A new device called Dyle can put live TV on an Android phone, iPhone or iPad.
An artificial pancreas mimics the glucose regulating function of a healthy pancreas.
"If there was ever a recipe for disaster, this is it," said Sen.
Cambodia is categorized by the U.S. government as a destination country for foreign child sex tourists, with increasing reports of Asian men traveling to Cambodia in order to have sex with underage virgin girls, according to a comprehensive 2009 Trafficking in Persons Report.
Meanwhile, on Tuesday the widow of murdered Catholic Belfast lawyer Pat Finucane and other family members will hold talks with British Prime Minister David Cameron about their demand for a public inquiry into his 1989 killing.
Eric Holder is a former federal prosecutor and served as deputy attorney general during the Clinton administration.
A girl taken to a clinic for a skin rash had to be treated with a drug cocktail to prevent HIV and hepatitis after she was accidentally pricked by contaminated needles on the floor, according to the attorney for the family.
Though a $77 million jackpot went unclaimed this week in Georgia, such cases are exceedingly rare, said Neubauer.
The women from the environmental group Greenpeace said they dodged security guards around The Shard and, once on top, they planned "to hang a huge work of art that captures the beauty" of the Arctic.
The women from the environmental group Greenpeace said they dodged security guards around The Shard and, once on top, they planned "to hang a huge work of art that captures the beauty" of the Arctic.
Paul Rossington, 30, and Kristen Schroder, 27, were discovered missing when the Carnival Spirit liner docked in Sydney yesterday.
PM said he had considered ‘two or three others’ – including former BBC journalist Guto Harri – for the job
Arrested: McNamara appeared in court charged with malicious destruction of property
The Orbital Sciences Corporation Antares rocket, with the Cygnus spacecraft onboard, explodes moments Preliminary results from the investigation point to a failure in one of its two main engines
Orbital says it still plans to fulfill its contract with NASA to deliver all remaining cargo to the Space Station by the end of 2016.
The Ministry of Justice said it would listen to complaints that the plans will allow big companies to silence their critics.
Instead of remembering a complex password, users will simply need to look at their phone or use a fingerprint reader.
In February, experts located the remains of a minke whale that is believed to be 3.6 million years old.
Ronaldo has over 80 million likes, compared to Lionel Messi's 56 million in second place.
Alison Waters and Peter Barker won silver for England in the squash mixed doubles after losing 11-8, 11-10 to Australia’s Rachael Grinham and David Palmer in the final.
James Challis, 29, heir to a quarrying and haulage fortune, created 60-acre ‘Challis Island’ on a lake owned by his family.
United Airlines flight 863 had to be diverted away from Sydney due to debris on the airport's runway and landed in Canberra at 9am on Friday following the 15 hour journey from the U.S.
Because Canberra is not an international airport it does not have customs, quarantine or immigration facilities so the travellers were not allowed to disembark or enter the terminal.
The design is a cross between a child's scooter, a Segway, and a bike and lets the rider stand or sit.
The steep rise has prompted the spending limit on the cards to be increased to £30 from September this year. 
He was jailed in 2012 for stealing personal information from Tony Blair, and is thought to be putting his hacking skills to use adding to the militants' huge war chest.
McLaren have reunited with Honda for the 2015 Formula One season
It will be closely monitored by British experts who are preparing two updated sets of guidelines on statin use.
Brown officials said both fraternities created environments that 'facilitated' sexual misconduct. 
Gerrard, laughing in training, is Liverpool's joint-top scorer this season and has played continuously
Kelly Baker, 31, claimed the child was terminally ill so she could take time off of work at her village primary school with full pay.
She was given paid leave during her 'elaborate story' about the young relative's cancer ordeal and kept it going for more than a year costing her school more than £100,000.
The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) has launched separate Federal Court proceedings against Virgin and Jetstar, with the airlines facing hefty fines and orders to change their advertising practices.
Leicester, Aston Villa and Everton have all shown an interest in the Argentine who is refusing to return to the Ukraine following unrest in the country.
Her heart then stopped numerous times and a crash team had to battle to save her life
Tests revealed Miss McRoberts had a severely damaged heart valve which could fail at any time
The filmmaker pleaded guilty in 1977 to having unlawful sex with 13-year-old Samantha Geimer (pictured left) during a photo shoot in Los Angeles.
Gervinho restored Ivory Coast's lead to 2-1 five minutes before the half-time break in Bata, Equatorial Guinea
Alex Hribal, who was 16 at the time of the stabbings, has been held in juvenile detention since he was arrested on April 9 at Franklin Regional High School in Murrysville, Pennsylvania. 
In scenes reminiscent of the Cold War, the diplomat was asked to account for the incursion of the military aircraft, which caused civil flights to be diverted or delayed on Wednesday.
Also taken into custody and charged in criminal complaints unsealed in U.S. district court in San Diego were Leonard Glenn Francis, the CEO of Glenn Defense Marine Asia Ltd, and John Bertrand Beliveau II, a special agent with the Naval Criminal Investigative Service.
Mr Holland from London was accidentally nudged and tumbled backwards while celebrating with friends at Dream Club in Sopot, Poland, on Saturday.
Heightened demand: Over the holidays, 15,000 extra people are employed at Amazon's UK warehouses - but many of those hoping for work are nonetheless turned away
More than a quarter of a million Romanian and Bulgarian nationals now live in Britain – a figure that has risen by almost 50,000 over the past 12 months.
With many of those technical problems solved, enrollments across the country have been brisk since the start of the year.
Defence Secretary Philip Hammond announced contracts worth £350million to design the boats now based at the Scottish naval complex of Faslane – an apparent bid to show voters in Scotland what they would be losing if they vote for independence.
It might sound, well, a bit bananas, but making your bread and cakes with green banana flour could be a healthier way to satisfy your carb cravings.
The flour – which does not actually taste of bananas – contains resistant starch, a type of carbohydrate which behaves like fibre by helping to control blood sugar levels and keeping us fuller for longer.
Fuddy entered the national spotlight briefly in 2011 when she authorized the release of Barack Obama's long-form birth certificate to put to rest so-called 'birther' conspiracies about the nation of the Commander-in-Chief's birth
The two planes were carrying a total of 363 passengers and crew.
She added that about 89,000 cases of cancer could be avoided if we ate a healthy diet that includes a variety of fruit and vegetables, wholegrains and pulses, were as physically active as we could be and maintained a healthy weight.
Dr Pam Spurr says that the majority of diets fail due to emotional niggles that trigger over-eating
Chrysalis Group found Chris Wright claimed the Welsh singer excused her own 'career frustrations' by criticising the industry, rather than take responsibility for it.
The puck left a 1-and-a-half-inch, bone-deep gash
Meanwhile, England have climbed three places to 14 after beating Lithuania in Euro 2016 qualifying and drawing a friendly in Italy last month, while Scotland are up 10 spots to 29.
He raised the alarm was after climbing in through a window, but paramedics couldn't revive her, Rochdale Coroners Court heard.
She also sent her sister text messages and photographs hours before her death.
The inquest heard she wrote 'I am trying to win you back' in the note to her boyfriend she left in her bedroom and said she was 'lost' without him.
Hundreds of vehicle parts - some of which appear to belong to 12 BMWs reported as stolen from east London - were found in containers at the Port of Felixstowe in Suffolk.
No arrests have been made in relation to the containers which were examined as part of an operation with ACPO Vehicle Crime Intelligence Service (AVCIS) and inquiries are ongoing.
It allows users to 'zoom' on the map simply by double clicking on the screen then leaving their finger on screen.
The verdicts are expected to be widely condemned by Western governments and human rights organisations.
Jordan Rhodes, pictured scoring against Bolton, has been linked with a move away from Ewood Park
And while the Duchess of Cambridge has a stylist in the shape of former PA Natasha Archer, 27, Sophie's new look is all her own work - although she does nod to Kate's look on occasion.
But husband Charlie had lied about the value of his share in AppSense, and she now says she is entitled to more.
The decision to postpone the match was a unilateral one taken by the management staff present and Vieira is understood to be unequivocal in his backing of the young player, who is said to have been left deeply distressed by the incident.
Counter-terror officers had the masked executioner under surveillance while he worked as a low-level collector for the genuine charities based in London.
Today the site earmarked for the funfair at India Gardens in Northolt appeared barren and undeveloped.
It has since risen further to $328 (£194) - although is still a way off the firm's January high of $407 (£241).
The ice castle was built by team members who spent 17 days in 12-hour shifts, the television station reported. The icicles are lit up with LED lights tucked inside ice formations, according to News10.
Actor turned author: Researchers only recently discovered that Chaplin (pictured) wrote a book in 1948
Nick Clegg weighed into the row about rising energy bills yesterday, claiming that scrapping green taxes would make household bills higher in the long run.
Married mother Ethel Anderson, 31, was told she was a 'parents' worst nightmare,' on Monday as she was jailed in Tampa, Florida.
Anderson had denied the charges but her victim, now 14, took the stand in September to testify that the alleged abuse started four or five weeks into their tutoring sessions when she would kiss him and perform oral sex on him in her home.
When confronted about the 230 pages of racy text messages she said they were just sexual therapy that she was using on the 'troubled student' to motivate him.
The verdict was thrown out after a judge ruled the trial court incorrectly required Alexander to prove she was abused by her husband.
Rosemary Carr, who was a keen walk leader, suffered multiple injuries after leaping from an M65 bridge in Nelson, Lancashire.
Abad (left) posted a photo of three whiskey shots (right) to his Instagram just hours before the deadly crash
Incredible find: The excavation of a mausoleum in the grounds of Pentillie Castle in Cornwall is thought to have uncovered the body of Sir James Tillie, who died 300 years ago in 1713
Vice-chairman Steve Evans became the union’s third high-ranking member to resign under a cloud this year.
Mohmed Bajiwala, 34, appeared before magistrates in Leicester charged with one count of kidnap, two counts of sexual assault against two children, and one count of attempted sexual assault against a third child.
To date, the remains of four people have been identified through DNA matches.
Former inmates and employees interviewed also told researchers about a 'rape dungeon' where boys, some younger than 12, were sexually assaulted.
Declan Crosbie, 25, locked himself in a toilet cubicle in the women's changing room hoping to catch a glimpse of the swimmers.
Philip will chair the Senior Colonels’ Conference at Buckingham Palace and host a dinner for the high-ranking officers in his role as Colonel of the Grenadier Guards.
Thorpe revealed during the England Lions tour of South Africa that he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago.
Paul Gerard Coyle, 50, has been charged by the Financial Conduct Authority with two counts of insider dealing related to shares in the online grocery delivery service between February and May 2013.
A £200million partnership between the two companies was announced in May, which sent Ocado shares surging. 
A police officer shot a woman in the leg early Friday at a Hollywood parking structure after she fought with another woman and pointed a gun at the officer, authorities said.
Kline said that Pledger's mother 'had no idea' the drug was associated with the growth of breasts. 
The shaming billboards will be set up across the Bay area of San Francisco throughout April.
Mario Balotelli may not be finding the net with the same regularity as Luis Suarez did at Liverpool, but he is running the same as the Uruguayan did against the top four teams last season
Mario Balotelli may not be finding the net with the same regularity as Luis Suarez did at Liverpool, but he is running the same as the Uruguayan did against the top four teams last season
Geordie Paul Dummett's emergence has been a huge bonus for Alan Pardew this season - and the left back, who made his Wales debut in the summer, has now also proved he can play as a central defender.
Joey Barton put on a compelling case to return to QPR's starting line-up on Saturday evening
Rushing: Parents' stress levels peak at 8.15am for mothers and fathers in the UK, and the ‘stress hangover’ continued until around 2.30pm on average
Location: The fossil was found in Dinosaur Provincial Park in Canada
Here comes 'the D': California-based Tesla is set to make two major announcements today.
Rumours claim they may reveal a sports car that goes 0-60 in three seconds.
The development was teased by chief executive Elon Musk on Twitter last week (pictured)
Based on Musk's next tweet (shown) some have suggested the announcement may be a driver-assisted version of one of Tesla's previous cars, such as the Model S.
‘And when the customer shops online, the retailer incurs extra costs for packing the products, paying transportation costs, wages, fuel and for the cost of the vehicle which is an expensive, multi-temperature-controlled vehicle.’
Mr Jones, 50, had called 999 after the alarm went off at Nuns’ Bridges Service Station on August 25 last year.
He blames the media for helping popularise the term ‘Islamophobia’ because ‘any scandal that contains the word Islam in its title sells.’
William Valuck, 71, was arrested on Friday in Kilgore, Texas and authorities in neighboring states were exchanging information about the case.
Carina Trimingham described stories referring to her sexuality published after her secret affair with the former Energy Secretary became public as ‘highly unpleasant and hurtful’.
But Mr Justice Tugendhat threw out her claim for damages against the Daily Mail and Mail on Sunday, leaving her with estimated legal costs of £410,000, and in a damning judgment accused her of seriously exaggerating some of her evidence.
Sinclair also is charged with having inappropriate relations with three other female junior officers.
The study, published in Nature Geoscience, shows for the first time how winds in the Antarctic cause the change in sea ice cover.
Chapters include myths and risks of extreme diets, tips on how to recognise your eating habits and understand your real food needs, plus mindfulness meditations, 70 recipes and mindful eating plans. 
Posing up: The Chinese woman is now considering going for the chop because her locks are so inconvenient
Kelly voluntarily took down the video about 90 minutes after uploading it last month and is cooperating with investigators, said his attorney, Kevin Camp.
The gorgeous pup from Stouffville, Canada, was adopted from a 'scary' puppy mill by local dog lover Joanne George, who believes pairing Smiley up with a deaf Great Dane named Tyler was the best decision she has made.
Colourful: The royal couple were met by a group of dancers and performers dressed as dragons
The 28-year-old has worked with the likes of Job Centre Plus, Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool, to help give back to the communities that have supported him throughout his football career.
Mayor Alan Long, of Murrietta, California, was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influece
The Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health (RCPCH) advises doctors on when to treat children and babies with life-limiting and life-threatening illnesses.
Frieden said there was no risk to anyone on the airplane because the patient had no symptoms at the time of the flight.
The body of Charmain Adusah, 41, was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days.
A father and daughter have died after their light aircraft came down in a field near Wymeswold, in Leicestershire
Amanda Stevens, 43, gave birth to baby Eden on October 29 but dies four weeks later after collapsing outside work.
The kind mother-of-six from Poole, Dorset was described as 'there for anybody'. 
Face unlock technology was unveiled at CES 2015 in Las Vegas today.
True Key (shown) takes a photo of your face and then uses it as your password.
The technology works on any device and can be used for multiple sites.
A 'freemium' service can be used on 15 websites - after that it costs £12 ($19.95) per year
The Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) is scrapping the paper counterpart that accompanies all UK plastic photocard licences (file picture)
Information about penalty points for traffic violations such as speeding will be held only on the DVLA’s database, and will have to be checked online, by phone or by post.
The notebook (pictured) is called Wellcome Photographic Exposure Record and Diary 1910 and was discovered by New Zealand’s Antarctic Heritage Trust. Researchers found the journal outside the Terra Nova base in the heart of the Antarctic following the annual thaw
It belonged to surgeon, zoologist and photographer George Murray Levick, who was born in 1876 and died 1956, and his name is clearly written in the opening pages.Mr Levick was a part of Captain Robert Scott’s 1910 to 1913 expedition and a member of the Northern Party.
His notebook contains pencil notes detailing the date, subjects and exposure details for the photographs he took during 1911 while at Cape Adare, before undergoing a harsh winter in an ice cave on Inexpressible Island.
John Lennon (shown) joins his other former band members in having his music available on Spotify.
The musician was shot dead by a crazed fan in New York on 9 Dec 1980.
His eight studio albums and three compilations are all available.
Carlos Vela (second left) scored twice in his first international for Mexico in over three years
Nicholas Vega, 23, allegedly lured 15-year-old Emily Lindsey away from her home in Houston, Texas on Thursday night
The pair had met at a self-defense class and became sparring partners. An Amber Alert was raised as soon as Miss Lindsey's parents realized that she was missing.
Weasley was found when he was four weeks-old by an animal centre in California, and subsequently fostered by cat-mad Daria Kelly who he has lived with since
The five-year-old is named after glasses-wearing Pulp front man Jarvis Cocker and fictional Harry Potter character Ron Weasley who is ginger.
Scientists have worked out the distance to NGC 4151 (dubbed Eye of Sauron), 62million-light-years, and it can now be used as a distance marker in the universe.
Bikes, cross trainers and 'vario' machines at Cadbury House in Congresbury, near Bristol will each feed around 100w per hour back into the building's power supply.
They will be expected to project a more professional image in the classroom to set a better example to their students.
Ofsted insists that from ‘day one’, trainees and freshly qualified teachers should act and dress in a way that befits their position.
Hollywood star and South Sydney fan Russell Crowe looks set to attend the World Club Series next month
Someone's hiding something: Ex Malaysian PM Dr Mahathir (above, left) said the missing plane may have had its MAS airline markings removed and the Australian co-ordinated search out of Perth for debris was 'a waste of time and money'
Pensioners and savers were the big winners yesterday following a shock decision by the Office for National Statistics not to scrap a key measure of inflation
In a move described by one expert as 'a mess' and 'a fudge', the ONS said it will continue to produce the retail prices index method of calculating inflation even though it is inaccurate
But Sportsmail understands the Di Marias are no longer at the hotel and have found more long-term alternative accommodation at the Beetham Tower.
Great pretender: Bestselling Bridget Jones's Diary author Helen Fielding set up fake online dating profiles as research for her latest book
Mrs Thomas was ten days overdue when she was induced on May 16 at Whittington Hospital in North London.
The sessions, which are held at the Lev Inspire centre in Levenshulme, aim to help pre-school children as young as three rid themselves of 'negative energy'.
Detroit and Flint have experienced their snowiest winter on record, breaking the previous record set in 1880, the National Weather Service says.
Mr Peckitt was working as an honorary locum at Ipswich Hospital in Suffolk at the time of the alleged incident in February 2012.
It was the last car to be built by Lamborghini before the company was taken over by Audi-VW in 1998.
The world record was broken on a 4.2km circular race track in Geelong - south-west of Melbourne - in Victoria at the Australian Automotive Research Centre on Wednesday afternoon.
Heading to the Big Apple: The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will visit New York next month
Angela Merkel was vehemently opposed to idea of an 'emergency brake' that could be applied if EU migrants exceeded forecasts and David Cameron dropped the plans just 48 hours before they were due to be unveiled
The fad, which was spotted by The Tab, is believed to be inspired by the likes of Ricky Gervais and supermodel Cara - who famously tweet pictures of themselves pulling funny faces.
'This isn't easy, these are dogs that are part of our family,' said Joseph Giannini, owner of Urban Out Sitters
Distraught: Kyle Winterbottom's mother Joanne (centre), pictured leaving her son's inquest with his father James, right, and uncle Allan, has said: 'I don't want any other youngster to end up like him'
A factory has been accused of bringing in a jeweller to cut off workers' wedding rings as part of health and safety rules.
Sculptor couple CJ Munn and Andre Masters, both 40 from Maidstone in Kent, use special effects make-up to help make the bumps, and their intricate designs range from blue and white florals painted like china, to stone sculptures studded with mirrors or a more traditional bronze.
The casting session takes between 30 to 60 minutes to complete.
Millions of gallons of water had flooded into the basement of the hospital, located near the East River on 1st Avenue and 27th Street.
Nicola Horlick, 54, whoraised six children while working in the City, says women should have babies early
Fund manager Nicola Horlick, 54, said she felt a noticeable difference in her body between her first child at age 25 and her last at 38.
National Insurance was introduced by Liberal Prime Minister David Lloyd George in 1913 to pay for state pensions and other benefits.
Sunderland winger Emanuele Giaccherini will miss the start of the Premier League season after suffering a groin injury.
Customers of HSBC, Barclays, Santander, NatWest and Nationwide will be paid compensations over the next few months.
Police are investigating the incident and believe that someone might have thrown a giant piece of asphalt at Jasper causing him to fracture his skull.
Richard Naisbitt, 52, from Stockton, County Durham, was spared jail at Teesside Crown Court, above, after wielding an axe while he was angry at his wife
District Judge Barbara Jones, Rice is now eligible to sign with any NFL team - and can do so as soon as he receives an offer. 
First 16-year-old singer Laura Pinski almost choked to death on glitter confetti as it showered down on her just as she was breathing in to hit the high note for her big finish.
Fog in his throat: Then opera soprano Simone Ciccarese lost his voice because stunt technicians on the Supertalent show had flooded the stage with too much dry ice
Electric performance: Firefighters had to rescue contestants Leo and Christian from a blaze when their act - smashing up a car on stage - sparked a blaze when the petrol tank went up in flames as the pair waited for feedback from the panel of judges
Under a policy to be introduced this month, morbidly obese patients will have to lose a certain amount of weight before they will be put forward for any non-urgent operations.
Smokers will have to give up for at least six weeks before being put on the waiting list
The multi-millionaire former foot soldier of notorious drugs baron Pablo Escobar is accused of shipping tons of cocaine to the United States through Central America.
Lopez fled his native city of Medellin in Colombia two years ago after his accountant was arrested.
Reinvention: The new character, called Kamala Khan, has been introduced by Marvel Comics to reflect the growing diversity of readers
And Forlan believes that England's players approached the game nervous as they knew what the 27-year-old was capable of having seen him score 31 Premier League goals for Liverpool last season.
The 72-year-old managed to capture violent solar flares and spots on the sun’s surface, which is 5,505°C and approximately 93million miles (150million km) away from Earth.
Mourinho was angry last week that Cahill, Diego Costa and Willian were singled out in the win over Hull for alleged diving, and insisted on Saturday that a new system of video replays to clamp down on the offence would simply favour Chelsea’s rivals.
The life-like lollipops make up a collection of the whole solar system to be created by sweet company Vintage Confections
Lock, 49, was found in a first-class seat on a Victoria-Littlehampton train and could only produce a standard class ticket.
Today was the fifth time the case had been listed after a summons was sent to his old address and not his new one.
Chance to impress: Ben Foster will start for England in their World Cup warm-up game against Ecuador
Harry Redknapp resigned as QPR manager on Tuesday - citing his imminent knee operations as the main reason for his departure.
The receipt on the left says the customer has 'insufficient funds' to withdraw $100.
Flames at least ten feet high could be seen leaping at the theme park's original location in Anaheim, California, closing one of its most famous attractions.
Former model Irene Major is the wife of Canadian oil tycoon Sam Mail and has used skin lightening creams 
Angela Agor, 41, a black television presenter from North London, bought many different products in her increasingly desperate attempt to lighten a patch of dark skin 
The boxed fruit slice - snapped up by when the auction ended at around 7pm lat night - was presented in its original Buckingham Palace case dated 20 November 1947.
'Until that moment arrives I will continue to enjoy working with Steven Gerrard the man and Steven Gerrard the player, one of the greatest we have seen.'
Grab them while you can: The pound is currently trading at a five-year high against the US dollar
People living near Heale Farm in Kirkby on Bain, Lincolnshire, told the Environment Agency the smell surrounding the site had left them feeling 'sick and depressed' (file picture)
The company was fined £10,000 and ordered to pay cost of £42,500 in a hearing at Lincoln Magistrates' Court.
Officials have confirmed the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport launchpad in Virginia (shown after the explosion) could be repaired as soon as 2015.
The Antares rocket exploded seconds after lift-off on 28 October, but in a statement it was revealed the pad escaped severe damage
The Antares rocket exploded seconds after lift-off on 28 October, but in a statement it was revealed the pad escaped severe damage
This will be using new engines, which will be tested in a 'hot fire' next year.
Manufacturers E&L Distribution argued there was no health claim being made as the advert did not state that the products would improve users’ health or benefit the health of their lungs.
England: Wayne Rooney is set to earn his 100th cap for England against Slovenia at Wembley on Saturday.
West Brom forward Saido Berahino could be in line to make his senior international debut, while Stewart Downing could make his first appearance for England since a Euro 2012 warm-up game against Norway in May 2012. 
Josep Pujiula, 77, began crafting his colossal labyrinth on the banks of the Fluvià river in Catalonia in 1980 and continues to add to its network of tunnels, towers and intriguing sculptures. 
Fourteen of 23 top hospitals contacted by Reuters said theyhave rolled out a pilot program of Apple's HealthKit service -which acts as a repository for patient-generated healthinformation like blood pressure, weight or heart rate - or arein talks to do so.
EMP attack could instantly cripple defence and infrastructure systems
Tip off: Mozdir's case featured on a recent episode of CNN's The Hunt and a tip-off received after the program aired on Sunday led to the task force closing in on Mozdir at his place of work
A visitor to the park did not see the funny side of his antics, complained, and posted the video online
The 51-year-old had worked at Coolidge Park in North Shore for seven years and was known for being the 'dancing ranger', but city officials accused him of neglecting his duties and 'unbecoming conduct' after they noticed the video online.
A three-year-old girl was airlifted to hospital after being mauled in the face by her family's pet dog at their home.
Unique ID microchips are being fitted to the six-inch long Namaqua chameleons in the Namib desert so their movements can be tracked.
The Netherlands Food and Consumer Product Safety Authority said 370 different companies around Europe and 132 more in the Netherlands were affected by the recall because they bought meat from two Dutch trading companies.
The system uses a blue dinosaur which guides Facebook users through three steps to navigate its maze of privacy settings.
THOTS is an acronym for 'that ho over there.' 
American Apparel apologized publicly for the email and posted an image of 'curvier models' to their Facebook page on Tuesday night.
The Los Angeles Lakers have confirmed that a man shot and killed in Philadelphia over the weekend was the father of player Wayne Ellington Jr.
Police say the 26-year-old basketball player's father, 57-year-old Wayne Ellington Sr., was found shot in the head in the driver's seat of a car in the Germantown section just after 8 p.m.
Lord Richards used his maiden speech in the House of Lords to call for increase defence spending
Mr Hunt said the number of hospitals investigating allegations of abuse by the late DJ and TV star had been extended amid a slew of new sex abuse allegations.
Jimmy Savile may have sexually abused patients at more than 40 NHS hospitals, the Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt revealed this morning.
Fei Lin, 41, was asleep in bed at his home in Niqiao village near Wenling city in east China's Zhejiang province when the attackers struck at 4am.
But rather than accept that she would not be visiting, the schoolgirl became so incensed with the government that she decided to write a heartfelt letter to the Prime Minister.
In it she pleaded with him to rethink his stance so that the tooth fairy would be happier and could get back to her job.
Raheem Sterling has been 'outstanding' ever since he broke into the England team and Liverpool team-mate Jordan Henderson believes there is no limit to his potential.
Manchester City aimed to put their Community Shield loss behind them as they trained ahead of their Premier League opener against Newcastle.
Manuel Pellegrini's side were disappointing in their 3-0 defeat to Arsenal, but both the morale and the motivation appeared to have returned as they trained at Carrington.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres.
They reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater (shown).
However, scientists are still not able to explain what they are.
Teacher Anna Poole, 31, was demonstrating a chemical reaction to the class when suddenly a fireball shot out from her equipment.
The class of 30 students ran for cover but one boy, identified as 16-year-old Alonzo Yanes, was in the wrong place at the wrong time and was quickly engulfed in flames.
The boy has second-degree burns to his face, neck and possibly some damage to his airways, officials said.
A layer of dust protected 10 figures, which were exposed to the weather, but thankfully the pigmentation of the paintings has not suffered as a result.
Determined: The elephant is seen charging at the hyenas to ward them off its offspring
In a few years from now, we could be acknowledging him as the most successful manager of all time, particularly if he keeps picking up a trophy every 35 matches, as is his current remarkable ratio.
Nguyen later turned herself into police and was questioned for several hours.
‘The dog just jumped him and took him down and dragged him in the back and killed him, ate him up,’ the victim’s aunt Lucy Mayze told the station.
Benjamin Shine and Danielle Stone exchanged their vows on Valentine's Day the Southern Highlands of NSW
The Canberra-based sculptor created a portrait of the couple with 4km of white mesh
England's kit deal with Nike is worth an incredible £25million a year
An Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour.
Called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates, sesame seeds and chocolate.
Cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients.
Christine Lee's daughter Stacey Banner left the court in tears as the alleged comments were recounted 
Balotelli was also on the receiving end of a hefty challenge from right-back Alan Hutton. 
It consists of  a negatively charged anode made of aluminum and a positively charged graphite cathode along with an ionic liquid electrolyte.
It comes after calls for patients to pay a £10-a-month fee to use the NHS, and also be charged £20 for every night they stay in hospital
But Labour peer Lord Winston said the actual value of a hospital was much greater- and the charge would have to be much higher to make it more 'realistic' for those who do not appreciate the cost.
Lauren Child, who has sold millions of copies of her books about Charlie and his younger sister Lola, said the BBC became 'terribly worried' during talks of adapting her novels for the small screen
Kurt Delves, 23, was sentenced today at Birmingham Crown Court for the unlawful killing of two-month-old Harli Reid on December 17 2010.
Eileen splashes out £20-a-week on bread and margarine for the animals as well as giving them sconesand sausage rolls
On tender hooks: The winner of the presidential election has still not been announced - more than 48 hours after the polls closed
For the record: Brian Williams said that 'social media owes Mike Seidel an apology' over the incident
New direction: Melanie and her husband joined the ANC in 1989 after meeting exiles in London in the late 80s
Now Melanie Verwoerd, who went on to become an ANC MP and ambassador to Ireland, has penned a memoir of her time with Nelson Mandela - the man she credits with her political transformation.
Baywash Bikini Car Wash in Winter Park, Florida is open seven days a week and offers a variety of bikini-clad cleaning services ranging from $10 for a hand wash and dry to a $60 waxing.
Johann 'Hans' Breyer, 89, is accused of aided and abetted in the deaths of 216,000 Jews while he was a guard at the Auschwitz death camp
Breyer has admitted he was a guard at Auschwitz in occupied Poland during World War II, but has always claimed he was stationed outside of the Auschwitz-Birkenau death camp part of the complex and had nothing to do with the wholesale slaughter of about 1.5 million Jews and others behind the gates.
Breyer was born in 1925 in what was then Czechoslovakia to an ethnic German father and an American mother, Katharina, who was born in Philadelphia.
Winner: Strip club Platinum 84 took home first place among Federal Heights, Colorado, businesses participating in a holiday lighting contest
Property developers from Cathedral Group who commissioned the project briefed designers with just one requirement: each house had to include at least one feature that makes life easier for a child with a disability.
According to Raine & Horne Neutral Bay director Stewart Robertson,the view was the deciding factor in the price of the apartment
Pet was taken under the wing of the Collies when owner Mairi Mackenzie brought the young sheep into the croft house after she struggled to survive following her birth in April last year. 
Tests revealed that the problem stemmed from an inherited heart condition, arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy (ARVC) - essentially a fault with the proteins that hold the heart muscle cells together.
Economics professor Claudio Piga said he has researched the low-cost airline’s flight costs - and found passengers booking their trip at least seven weeks in advance pay more.
Economics professor Claudio Piga said he has researched the low-cost airline’s flight costs - and found passengers booking their trip at least seven weeks in advance pay more.
'Delighted': Kate and Gerry McCann said they were 'absolutely delighted' at the 'overwhelming' response following the Crimewatch appeal
Jerry Brown ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history on Wednesday, as the state continues to grapple with a serious drought.
Brown said Wednesday that he had signed an executive order requiring the State Water Resources Control Board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent compared with 2013 levels.
State water officials found no snow on the ground at the site for their manual survey of the snowpack.
Resources: Snow supplies about a third of the state's water.
A California woman was reunited with her classic Ford Mustang nearly 30 years after it was stolen, when a man tried to register the muscle car at a Department of Motor Vehicles office.
Alsip was 17 when she purchased the vehicle in 1985 for $800 - and the muscle car was stolen approximately twelve months later outside the apartment complex she lived in, the newspaper reported.
Alsip was 17 when she purchased the vehicle in 1985 for $800 - and the muscle car was stolen approximately twelve months later outside the apartment complex she lived in, the newspaper reported.
The playful elephant, filmed in Northern Thailand, tries a number of tactics to wake up his tuckered friend, who seems to be oblivious as he continues to sleep through them all.
The cheeky elephant, filmed in Northern Thailand, tries a number of tactics to wake up his tuckered friend, who seems to be oblivious as he continues to sleep through them all
The bodies of Elvira Canales-Gomez and Cesar Navarro were discovered in the bathroom of their Henderson apartment on Friday - three days after detectives believe they were killed.
Canales-Gomez still had a butcher's knife lodged in her chest, police said.
Navarro-Canales initially was named by police as a possible victim, then identified Monday as the prime suspect in the slayings.
SackPardew.com have printed 200 banners and more than 15,000 posters ready to be displayed calling for the Newcastle manager to be removed from his position by owner Mike Ashley. 
World boxing champion Kell Brook enjoyed an evening at the darts as he watched the Premier League road show come to his home town of Sheffield on Thursday.
Dave Chisnall won both of his games in week 10 to move onto 17 points in second place
Thompson describes their meeting as 'a thunderbolt moment'
Deputy manager of the factory Molla Boadnuzzamah, listed Next, Primark, George, Gap, H&M, and Morrisons as customers who were using the Aswad Composite Mills factory, ITV reports.
The shirt refers to a New York man who died in July after a police officer placed him in a chokehold when he was being arrested for selling loose, untaxed cigarettes.
Six city officials quit their jobs shortly after Byrd won, according to multiple reports. 
Two of those individuals - Trish Cohen, Parma's former police chief, and Rich Medley, the town's former assistant police chief - recently spoke to NBC News.
Cohen has said she and Medley feared for their safety, and their home addresses had been shared online by Byrd's family members
Ryan Wray, 26, was formally charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse on Friday
Clayton Moore starred in the 1950s TV show and kept the mask until his death in 1999
The custom-made prop was one of three
Chloe Carter, 13, was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma after finding ball-like lumps on her neck while playing with her newly pierced ears at school
Esther Rantzen, who is set to be made a Dame in the New Year's Honours List for her charity and campaigning work 
Vets warned that dried fruit in the cake could cause acute renal failure and death in dogs if left untreated and branded the supermarket ‘irresponsible’ for showing the advert.
Japanese illustrator and designer, Akihiro Mizuuchi, created chocolate LEGO as an experimental project
It is believed the former Barcelona, Inter Milan and Real Madrid striker will stay for at least two years and take up a work placement with London-based communications company WPP, under the guidance of Sir Martin Sorrell. 
The Reds needed a win to progress but they had substitute Lazar Markovic sent off early in the second half.
According to police, Mark Fisher, 25, was taken to A&E at Joao XXIII Hospital in Belo Horizonte suffering from bruises and fractures to his face and arms.
He was injured in a hit and run accident with a motorbike in the early hours of Tuesday morning at the busy intersection of Rua da Bahia and Avenida do Contorno.
She is jointly charged along with Royal Barnes, 22, also from Hackney, who appeared at the same court yesterday to face terror charges linked to the footage.
Boston researchers carried out a study into types of sexism in men.
They say there are two types of sexists, identifiable by their smile (stock image shown)
'Hostile sexist men' were less approachable and less friendly while those who displayed 'benevolent sexism' were nicer and smiled more
Tragic end: Richard Swanson, 42, from Seattle, was trying to dribble a soccer ball 10,000 miles to Brazil in time for the 2014 World Cup when he was struck and killed by a car in Oregon on Tuesday
Arsenal are keen on Legia Warsaw teenage midfielder Krystian Bielik. 
The 16-year-old has already broken into the Polish side's first team and is earmarked for a bright future. 
CCTV caught the moment three bungling thieves reversed their pickup truck through the window of a Quick Mart store in Arlington, Texas, in a bid to steal an ATM.
However, the grainy night-time footage shows the men running into the store before quickly exiting again, seemingly in a state of panic and without stealing anything. 
The smash and grab attempt took place Wednesday morning.
Talks are expected to continue over the weekend but Rangers face competition from Fiorentina and Marseille among others who have expressed an interest.
Disadvantaged from birth: From a poor family, and being disabled, he was unable to be educated beyond the age of 11
Judge John Lafferty told Snaresbrook Crown Court on Wednesday that as he couldn't view the video - showing a woman having sex with a boy - he couldn't rule how 'serious' it was.
Two 17-year-old boys from north-west London were detained in Istanbul along with a third male aged 19, the Met Police have said.
Emergency landing: Christopher Okechukwu, 51, a doctor and father-of-three from Paramus, was traveling solo to Lincoln Park Airport when the incident occurred
Photographer Alberto Ghizzi Panizza, 38 from Palma, Italy, took the photos of the big-eyed insects near the River Po in the Po Valley.
The 28-year-old beat Devon Alexander over 12 rounds in Las Vegas in December to retain the WBC Silver Welterweight title and hopes he can negotiate a glamour bout with Floyd Mayweather.
Gap: UK families are paying £95 per MWh for onshore wind, compared to £27 MWh in Brazil
A damning report from the Policy Exchange urges the government to hold the wind industry to its pledge to slash costs by the end of the decade.
The castAR system uses a pair of glasses fitted with a micro-projector on each lens that beams images in 3D onto a specially-designed flat surface.
When files are digitally saved, the brain knows the information is stored safely and can be accessed when needed.
This frees up cognitive resources that can be used to remember new facts and figures, according to researchers from the University of California
In the first study, 20 students used computers to open and study pairs of PDF files - File A and File B. 
The students had 20 seconds to study File A before closing the file, with half being told to save it.
RoboCup was set up with the aim of creating, by 2050, a team of humanoid robots that can take on and beat the best human players.
The robots must act autonomously and can communicate via Wi-Fi,
Photographer Terry Hancock captured the images using a specialist astronomy camera attached to a telescope, from the comfort of his home in Fremont, Michigan.
He used a fast telescopic lens which collects the light quickly, speeding up the process.
Strong winds have fanned the flames, making efforts to fight the blaze difficult, officers said.
Yesterday, the BBC described 2013 as ‘the year of the tablet’ after its popularity as a Christmas present saw viewing of the iPlayer service on the devices overtake computers for the first time.
The BBC said there were 941,000 downloads of the iPlayer mobile and tablet apps over the festive period, from 21 December to New Year’s Day.
For the first time ever, Australian TV cameras have been granted permission to film inside the Australian Embassy in Thailand as they deal with the Thai authorities and rogue Australians. 
Presenter Aamir Liaquat Hussain has given two babies to childless couples so far during Islam’s holy month.
After he had been shot with the gas-fired air rifle, the business consultant was taken to hospital with a pellet lodged in his bones - but doctors left it there over fears that removing it would be unsafe.
Thigh hole: Hospital X-rays showing the pellet still in Andrew's leg. The business consultant was taken to hospital with a pellet lodged in his bones - but doctors left it there over fears that removing it would be unsafe
Nathaly's caregivers said she became obsessed with Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball after her teenage roommate played the track.
Blows raining down: Dr Dominic Henry was punched to the ground and then kicked and stamped on up to 15 times
Scott Laird gave Preston the lead after 47 minutes when his deflected effort squeezed under David de Gea to send the home crowd delirious. 
Marouane Fellaini put the away side into the lead after out-muscling the home defence to blast home from close range at the second attempt.
Police have warned that some of the escapees are very dangerous and stressed officers are working 'around the clock' to catch them.
It has been a hugely encouraging opening five games to the qualifying campaign as Scotland aim to reach the nation’s first major finals since the 1998 World Cup in France.
Scotland currently lie in third place in Group D after Saturday's 6-1 victory over Gibraltar
Thousands of British heavy goods vehicle drivers are retiring as the population ages, experts warn.
Elena Udrea, pictured, is accused of taking bribes and abusing her position in government 
Floors in the flat that were covered in 'compacted faeces' and urine had attracted 'beetles and flies' and were strewn with hazards, including bottles of bleach. 
Dramatic: As they approach their target - The San Diego Padres' home ground at Petco Park - the roar of the crowd below can be heard getting louder
U.S. scientists have regrown spinal cord neurons from a patient’s own cells for the first time.
Ellie, a 13-year-old springador - a Labrador Springer Spaniel cross - has worked on more than 1000 cases with West Midlands Fire Service as a fire investigation dog for the past seven years.
The New Century Theater in San Francisco is suing Oracle after an employee called Jose Manuel Gomez Sanchez ran up a $33 unpaid tab last October
The 'coat' uses a network of tubing and pumps to circulate coolant liquid around the body at a temperature of 4°C (39.2°F).
One litre (33.8 oz) of water can cool the vest for around 30 minutes, according to the space agency.
As he jailed the pair at Westminster Magistrates' Court, Judge Howard Riddle said it was 'hard to imagine more extreme threats'.
Frank Kirk, 70, was arrested last month after he allegedly brought sex toys to a woman at the county jail
Channel Nine's A Current Affair program aired footage from their hidden-camera investigation
Enda Kenny's government agreed draft legislation in April to allow for limited access to abortion where a woman's life is in danger, including the threat of suicide.
It follows months of protests from both sides of the debate on an issue that has polarised the country for decades.
Thomas Cantley, 31, believes his life was saved by early detection of the disease so he is on a mission to prevent the rest of the male population from letting testicular cancer go unnoticed.
He started his journey in Santa Monica on September 3 and is headed to New York with the giant flesh-colored ball, while explaining his mission to the people he meets and encouraging them to sign the inflatable testicle.
The breakthrough could lead to the development of transplant organs for patients thanks to stem cells produced from simple skin biopsies.
But the family became alarmed at the apparent lack of food hygiene when Reece, his parents, two siblings and his girlfriend fell ill with severe diarrhoea, stomach cramps and headaches shortly after their arrival at the resort.
Anthea Mari, 34, was found dead in her lounge in 'suspicious circumstances' in Brisbane's south east
Sliwa said that she witnessed Thurman's bouts of crying, violent mood swings, threats of suicide and confessions of sex addiction before she felt obligated to report his behavior to Juivamukti management in a 41-page exposé.
The Duchess of Cambridge has been pictured shopping with a woman thought to be a lady-in-waiting for soft furnishings at the high-end interiors specialist Bernard Thorp in Chelsea, south-west London.
The Swansea striker celebrates with young fans and tops this week's EA Sports' Performance Indez
Later, Royal Box members were also criticised for not watching Maria Sharapova’s match.
Some fans had queued up overnight but failed to see almost any tennis because of the wet weather.
All smiles: Surprisingly, Mr Chiles and Miss Tate have bonded over a mutual and deep faith in God
Over the last decade, the highest level of anti-Semitic attitudes was reported in 2002, when an ADL poll found 17 per cent of Americans harboured anti-Jewish attitudes.
The survey found 14 per cent agreed with the statement 'Jews have too much power in the U.S. today' - an increase from 13 percent in 2009.
And 15 per cent agreed that Jews are 'more willing to use shady practices' - up slightly from 2009.
Dianne McGrath, from Southbank in Melbourne, is in the running to take part in the Mars One project, a one-way trip to the Red Planet
Science teacher Zahid Akram, 37, of Redditch, in Worcestershire, trawled the internet looking for victims across the UK before he blackmailed them into sending him explicit pictures of themselves
West Bromwich Albion have opened discussions with Djurgardens over a deal for teenage Swedish midfielder Filip Tasic.
The lawsuit seeks damages and court-approved, NHL-sponsored medical monitoring for the players' brain trauma and/or injuries, which they blame on their NHL careers
The couple married at Muthill Parish Church in Perthshire in 1995 - 11 years after they first met at a Pontin's camp in Wales, when Hendry was just 16.
Miniskirts, hot pants and belly button piercings should also be avoided after your mid-thirties.
Taylor Almond, 16, was last seen at her Dudley home, a southern coastal suburb of Newcastle in New South Wales, at about 1.00pm on Sunday October 12. 
Miss Almond's family say her disappearance is completely out of character
The Bill would give legal protection to doctors who want to try different procedures or treatments when they have exhausted other options.
Fredel Buenavista, 32, left the country in south east Asia at the age of four and arrived in Britain when he was 20 with his stepfather Alan Pratt and his mother Maria, who are both British citizens.
Three-year-old Gypsy was rushed to the vet after owner Kayleigh Thomas spotted the projectile jammed between her nostrils.
If Bardarbunga erupts travel companies have been warned to prepare for a repeat of the chaos seen when Iceland’s Eyjafjallajokull volcano blew in 2010.
Bueno has scored 17 goals for Rayo Vallecano this season and could soon move to Porto
The American economist (pictured delivering his first economic report to Congress in 2006) said he thought it was 'entirely possible' that lenders 'may have gone a little bit too far on mortgage credit conditions'
Attorney George Ostler confirmed a small number of fraternity members voluntarily chose to get body brands, but the practice was never a condition of membership.
The Mayor of London has written a biography about Sir Winston Churchill - called The Churchill Factor: How One Man Made History - and launched it at Dartmouth House in Mayfair.
At the same time, Cooper had five jobs - including one at Coventry City Council - but carried on claiming free hand-outs.
A 48-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm in the attack
The All Blacks ran in four tries through Ben Smith, Israel Dagg, Julian Savea and TJ Perenara, while Beauden Barrett kicked 14 points.
The victory made it four wins and a draw from five games for New Zealand and saw them wrap up the title with the final round of fixtures still to come.
That sister, Alice Lee, who died in November at 103, told a reporter before her death that her sister--who had a stroke in 2007--'can't see and can't hear and will sign anything put before her by anyone in whom she has confidence.'
The algorithm finds a distinctive feature in a person’s face, such as sharp cheekbones or arched eyebrows, and makes it slightly more prominent.
They were eventually rescued after a passing tanker answered their distress call.
Neryl Joyce, 41, exposed herself to threats of ambush and assassinations as a highly trained security guard protecting high threat targets in war-torn Baghdad a decade ago
Richard Barnes, 65, who is the Conservative councillor for Hillingdon, west London, claimed the photographs of the naked lower body of a man were posted after his account was hacked.
Kayleigh Renwick, 24, was unaware she was pregnant when she went into labour and gave birth to a son last Saturday.
Robert Ives, 59, dished out the dodgy parking notices to Kevin Phillips while based at Tooting police station in south London.
The financier tweeted about the bloody incident yesterday, as he described how he was forced to put the creature out of its misery by killing it with his shoe.
Some 12,360 people were said to have been stopped from working with children in 2011 due to committing sexual offences against youngsters.
This fell to 5,758 in 2012 and 2,800 in 2013, according to figures obtained by Labour using Freedom of Information laws.
Scott Hall, who suffered from Rasmussen's Syndrome, died from a brain haemorrhage nine days after he was attacked by two teenagers
After police warned the passengers that all bags would be searched to recover the missing item, a man at the back of the plane, later identified as Jake Michael Piasentini, 29, of Saskatoon, admitted to the theft.
The France defender joined the Gunners in a £12m deal this summer having signed for the Magpies from Lille for £5m just 18 months earlier.
Jhamarion Mulbah was hit in the arm and near his rib cage by two stray bullets as he played outside his Milwaukee home on Tuesday night.
Scarred: Michelle (pictured before surgery) was left with a centimetre-deep crater on the left side of her nose after an operation to remove the skin cancer
Under the knife: Michelle has now had reconstructive surgery to cover the hole in her nose, using skin from her cheek
The systems developed at MIT and Daewoo are a cross between those used by Spider Man villain Otto Octavius, or Dr Octopus (pictured left) and Inspector Gadget (pictured right)
The Manchester lightweight was hit over the head with a concrete slab after he heard the burglars next door to his house in Chadderton.
New figures have revealed a 100 per cent rise in 10 years in the number of patients needing extra treatment after botched operations.
Mr Ruttiman suffered serious ice burns to his legs after he wiped out on his first jump
Silk Road 2.0 - which can only be accessed through a modified internet browser - sells items such as cocaine, ecstasy, fake utility bills and driving licences using the encrypted digital currency ‘bitcoins’.
Silk Road 2.0 - which can only be accessed through a modified internet browser - sells items such as cocaine, ecstasy, fake utility bills and driving licences using the encrypted digital currency ‘bitcoins’.
Teachers and military instructors aim to use military instruction to instil habits of discipline.
The researchers from Oxford Said Business School surveyed 2,000 professionals born since 1982.
They found that 66% of so-called Generation Y are willing to donate half their income to good causes, and many said they would donate to tackle poverty and unemployment.
Talhat Rehman, 54, of Harrow, has been charged with possessing a bladed weapon in public and affray, and will appear at Westminster Magistrates Court today. 
Routine: Argentina recorded a routine win against Trinidad & Tobago in Buenos Aires
Striker Rodrigo Palacio, midfielder Javier Mascherano with a tap-in after a Messi free-kick came back off the post, and substitute Maxi Rodriguez scored the goals.
And Suarez had no hesitations in participating, shortly after challenging another of his former team-mates Martin Skrtel, as well as Nicolás Lodeiro and Martín Cauterucci to step up to the plate next.
Theforested campsite where the shooting occurred sits near a developed area in the Wyoming section of the park known as Grant Village, which features a ranger station, lodge, stores and other amenities.
Face lift: As part of a 'face-lift' of the area, developers decided to save the six-storey red brick Zhengguanghe Building in Shanghai
Striker Lukas Podolski (second left) won the 2014 World Cup in Germany last year
'Weâ€™ll just be a couple of God-fearing men punching each other in the face,' one of the pastors explains in a trailer for the documentary, titled Fight Church.
It will include the latest research about whether hormones in the womb make people’s brains more ‘masculine’ and analytical, as well as men and women’s tolerance to pain
Leaked documents show how 343 Australian and overseas companies shrink their tax bills by routing their profits through the tiny European nation
Anderson Cooper has tweeted his amazement at hearing his late father's voice for the first time in more than 30 years after a recording of a 1970s radio show was posted online.
News of the charges broke on Friday evening, the same day it emerged that Snowden could be flown to Iceland from Hong Kong by the whistleblowing website WikiLeaks.
The experienced pilot was responsible for driving the vessel during a five-mile journey across the Solent from Portsmouth to Ryde on June 22.
But a colleague had to step in and take over the controls when Pease fell ill at the controls of the 127-seater Hovertravel Freedom 90 vehicle.
Liverpool is to remove nearly all of its bus lanes after a study found they were not working properly
Psychologist Penelope Leach has said that generally children of separated couples aged four and under should not be parted from their mother to have a sleepover with their father
Joe Gagliano, 55, the son of the late New Orleans mob boss Frank Gagliano Sr, was stopped by police two months ago after officers were tipped off about a vehicle with fake plates. 
Joe Gagliano, 55, the son of the late New Orleans mob boss Frank Gagliano Sr, was stopped by police two months ago after officers were tipped off about a vehicle with fake plates. 
Jefferson Parish sheriff's deputies found a loaded .22-caliber rifle with scope hidden in the back, along with a silencer.
Other rustic fragrances in the product range are bonfire, coffee, red wine, freshly cut grass and cedar log cabin.
Actress Sian Phillips first turned down the role of Oscar Wilde’s imperious Lady Bracknell in The Importance Of Being Earnest 20 years ago because, aged 60 then, she thought she was too old to play the role of a 20-year-old girl’s mother.
Yet Root, a flag carrier for the new England after an outstanding summer, is convinced that the Test players who defeated India will prove equally adapt at the shorter game when the one-day series makes its belated introduction on Wednesday.
'Two customers and three cabin crew members sustained minor cuts and bruising.
Gareth Herridge broke his neck and badly damaged vertebrae in a car crash on in January 2005.
One of the most fascinating aspects of Kevin Pietersen’s autobiography for the public must be the revealing of all the frailties and insecurities professional sportsmen feel in the dressing room.
You hear professional footballers whingeing if they are away for longer than a couple of weeks at a World Cup but international cricketers are away from home for months on end and see more of their team-mates than their families.
The bulk of the £800million spent by Barclays Premier League clubs went on foreign players and while Hodgson complains about ‘blocked pathways’ he knows there is little he can do to reverse the trend other than offer a few words of encouragement to the young players who will form the basis of his rebuilding operation.
Reverend Paul Meier, 47, started the relationship when the girl, who attended two church youth groups he ran, was 18.
A church disciplinary tribunal ruled that Rev Meier's behaviour was 'inappropriate to the work of a clerk in Holy Orders', after he admitted gross misconduct.
Sean Conway, 31, from North London, spent five gruelling months pedalling his way through 25 countries in six continents, covering 16,000 miles in the process.
He then called 911 and reportedly told a series of lies to cover his crime.
Now, Golec has been arrested on murder and domestic violence charges.
Sales of Italian fizz have increased by more than 90 per cent making it nearly twice as popular as champagne
In short not all combinations of numbers have an equal chance of being drawn - but it is still highly difficult to predict actual winning combinations
The revelation about the 59-year-old former KGB agent was served up by Gilles Bragard, founder of an elite group of chefs who cook for the world’s most powerful men and women.
George Bush apparently had two former FBI agents taste his every one of his dishes during a trip to London
Now, a Channel 5 documentary aired tonight uncovers the depressing truth of weight loss - that within one year of their diet, 80 per cent of people will gain weight, often more than they lost.
Astrium has announced plans to test its prototype spaceplane at an altitude of 10,000 feet (3,048 metres) over Singapore in May.
Middle-class families are turning to pawnbrokers like never before.
Lorraine Giacomelli, 41, from Richmond in South-West London, turned to a pawnbroker when she was struggling to pay for the upkeep of her home last year.
Jane Austen is quoted 1,640 times in the most recent edition of the Oxford English Dictionary
It includes a fringed leather pouch and a gun used by Davy Crockett, Jim Bowie's legendary knife and letters from garrison commander William B.
Luciana Berger said she received 2,500 hate messages at the height of an internet campaign against her and claimed Twitter 'let me down' and took a 'haphazard' approach'
Nikki Thomas, 28, bought ‘two for £6’ balls from a Sports Direct store in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, for Codey and his four-year-old brother Tod.
Her partner Tom Winn asked a member of staff to inflate them both before they left the store - but when they got in the car, Miss Thomas claims one of them ‘spontaneously exploded’ as Codey held it.
A workers' revolt at the Market Basket supermarket chain has led to empty shelves, angry customers and support for a boycott from more than 100 state legislators and mayors.
The former mayor of Hove said he wanted to thank everyone for their good wishes after being inundated with at least 2,500 birthday cards from around the world following his Normandy adventure.
New Jersey native Paul Rosolie fed himself to a 30ft green anaconda in the Amazon rainforest for a program that is due to air on December.
The Williams family, of Hunterdon County, has enjoyed the nocturnal additions so much they've even set up a live video stream of the bats
At least three women have publicly discussed their allegations against Cosby in recent weeks.
Major effort: The GoPro camera recorded Hakala's phone, which played a video of him asking the big question
Kyle Crosby (left), who is charged with murdering his wife Erica Crippen Crosby (right), sold her clothes to buy drugs, her family says
Missing: The mother-of-two was last seen at a restaurant with her husband on New Year's Eve
Support for the move was sparked by anger over the big bonuses blamed for fuelling risky investments that nearly felled Swiss bank UBS, as well as outrage over a proposed $78 million payment to outgoing Novartis chairman Daniel Vasella.
In an interview with Hello! magazine, Farah revealed that he and his wife Tania have named the twins Aisha and Amani – and said they already suspect the girls have inherited his long limbs.
Ben Elphick, 23, filmed himself stripping down to his boxer shorts and preparing a cocktail of vodka, tequila and pre-mixed snowball at his home in Plymouth.
He then held up a plastic bag with a live goldfish swimming around in it, before pouring the fish into the glass. 
Another fish: After downing the cocktail, Elphick picked up his baseball cap from the kitchen table, which revealed a second fish in a glass of water (left).
But when questioned by RSPCA inspectors, Elphick claimed the fish were actually pieces of carrot.  
A Helicopter, an ambulance and firefighters were all apparently called to the scene to help with the evacuation.
James Corbett welds together hundreds of components salvaged from vintage cars to make the stunning creations which are uncannily lifelike.
The watchdog calculates patients have collectively been paying out up to £193million over the odds every year in health insurance premiums and direct payments for treatment.
Dakkari Dijon McAnuff was booked on suspicion of making criminal threats, police said last week
South Korean-based Samsung has surprisingly revealed a curved 'phablet' that beats Apple to the punch, who are apparently also planning curved devices.
South Korean-based Samsung has surprisingly revealed a curved 'phablet' that beats Apple to the punch, who are apparently also planning curved devices.
The Galaxy Note Edge (shown) has a curved right hand side that can display notifications like a 'ticker'
The Samsung Galaxy Note Edge sports a 16MP rear-facing camera (right) and a 3.7MP front camera (left).
The Kuwaiti cleric became the voice of al-Qaeda recruitment videotapes after the 2001 attacks. 
He testified at trial that his role was strictly religious.
Measuring 3ft by 2ft, the painting depicts the Duke - who became a father to Prince George on July 22 last year - wearing a dark suit and red tie with a poppy in his left lapel, looking slightly upwards against a red background.
Lance Ferguson-Prayogg lost consciousness after taking part in a fight at The Forum in Nottingham
Fraudster: Darren Thompson, 40, was jailed for four years and eight months after admitting conning his friends and co-workers out of hundreds of thousands of pounds to join his 'guaranteed' football syndicate
Sat at their favourite Mayfair restaurant, Charles Saatchi repeatedly grabs his wife Nigella Lawson by the neck.
There is also a £25 surplus charge for a nappy change, which can be 'messy'. Staying overnight costs £350 with extra charges for night-time nappy changes. 
Gregory Graf recorded himself sexually abusing the body of Jessica Padgett, Northampton County District Attorney John Morganelli said on Friday.
The Ruby attaches to any shoe (pictured) and connects wirelessly to the Dorothy iPhone app
A ‘trigger’ is activated using three clicks of the heel, and these triggers can be customised.
Her walk-out was unexpected although she is understood to have had an uneasy relationship with people in rugby since her arrival in October 2012. 
It is believed Jevans was exasperated with the old-boy network at the top of the Rugby Football Union, once described as ‘57 old farts’ by former England captain Will Carling, who had begun lining up to take credit for delivering a tournament that had been her ‘baby’. 
Jevans was previously director of Olympic sport for the London 2012 Games
It contains small amounts of a drug called minocycline, an antibiotic that’s long been used to treat the condition.
It is an unlikely pairing as neither of the girls carry out on public duties on behalf of the country, despite being fifth and sixth in line to the throne.
Mr Murat, who is not suspected of any involvement in Madeleine's disappearance, was called in for questioning on the second day of a fresh round of police interviews requested by Scotland Yard detectives.
All three players were allowed to leave Old Trafford, and have done well elsewhere since moving
The doppelgangers will compete in 'Reel Awards' the global lookalike contest held in Las Vegas
Cerys Yemm, 22, was found dead in the Sirhowy Arms hostel in Argoed, south Wales earlier this month.
Her provisional cause of death has been recorded as sharp force trauma to the face and neck 
It comes as the Indian government proposed to name a revised anti-rape law after the victim, a move her family referred to as an 'honour'.
Politicians facing sexual assault charges may now be suspended from office as the country's highest court prepares to rule on an application to ban regional and national MPs.
Hot, hot, hot: Temperatures in Miami have been reaching 29 degrees by midday this week
They were installed in 2005/2006 but have been subject to frequent breakdowns ever since. 
Among those supporting the campaign are The Walt Disney Co. with $55 million, the LEGO Foundation with $5 million and the J.B. and M.K.
Injured: According to animal control officers, the Chihuahua's badly infected eye and Jonie was every now and then putting her pal down to lick the wound
The quango’s budget now stands at £5 million a year, much of which is paid to the firm BSS to run a call centre in Manchester.
Gone: Michael Jackson died from an overdose of propofol in 2009
